future filings. PRICE $ A SHARE Price to Public Underwriting Discounts and Commissions(1) Proceeds to Company Per share $ $ $ Total $ $ $ (1) See the section titled "Underwriters" beginning on page 237 for additional information regarding
compensation payable to the underwriters. We have granted the underwriters an option for a period of 30 days to purchase up to additional shares of our common stock at the initial public offering price, less the underwriting discounts and
commissions. Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. See the section titled "Risk Factors" beginning on page 18 to read about factors you should consider before buying shares of our common stock. Neither the Securities and
Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities, or passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The underwriters expect to
deliver the shares of common stock to purchasers on , 2025. Morgan Stanley Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC J.P. Morgan , 2025

Table of Contents

Our Mission Bend the curve of obesity of prediabetes of hypertension of diabetes of musculoskeletal disease

Table of Contents

"When you see the results, like whether youre losing weight or your sugars are keeping level, it feels good, because you
know youre doing something right. It has enabled me to be accountable to myself and to implement what Ive learned. Knowing and actually really doing it is two different things. They provide the references and tools that you need to succeed to be a
healthier you." Anthony, Omada member, speaking about his experience with Omada Image features actual Omada member. Testimonial is based on the individuals real experience and results. We do not claim these are typical results that members will
achieve. Results may vary. This testimonial was gathered as part of user research for ongoing product development. The member was compensated for time spent in providing the feedback, which was written by the member and not Omada.

Table of Contents

738B Steps counted 20M+ Benefit-covered individuals 2,000+ Customers 90% Customer retention 1M Members Enrolled Images,
including apps, do not reflect real members or information about a specific person unless otherwise stated. All data as of March 31, 2025, except for steps counted, which is as of December 31, 2024, customer retention, which is an average for the
year ended December 31, 2024, and benefit-covered individuals, which is estimated as of December 31, 2024. Benefit-covered individuals must also have a clinical need to enroll.

Table of Contents

149M Meals tracked 78M Blood glucose readings 902K Meals with kale 9.7M Pounds lost 5.4M "Thank you"s All data from
inception to December 31, 2024.

Table of Contents

A member journey that builds confidence and structure for long-term, sustained behavior change. Email introduction to
Omada from work Apply Receive acceptance notification PROGRAM START Receive welcome kit Meet the coach via welcome video Start messaging with dedicated coach Start using new connected devices Join a group of member peers Track steps & meals
Complete the first SMART goal Sign up for first charity walk Get advice from specialist on readings Add Breakfast Add Lunch Add Dinner Data auto syncs to members account Glucose Day Week Mo Today CGM + BGM Readings 198 mg/dl 300 250 200 150 100 50 0
12a 3 6 9 12p 3 6 9 12a Todays Notes 2:30 198 mg/dl CGM 2 slices of pepperoni pizza for lunch today. I usually have 3 so View all notes Glucose Levels & Color Code

Table of Contents

Our Vision To deliver unrivaled virtual care between doctors visits through a simple, elegant, and seamless experience
for both members and buyers. Improve hemoglobin A1C levels Primary care provider ("PCP") check-up Stop 2 medications after PCP approves Care team & member celebrate progress

Table of Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS

PROSPECTUS

Page

Glossary

i

An Introduction From Our Co-Founder and CEO

v

Prospectus Summary

1

The Offering

12

Summary Consolidated Financial Data

14

Risk Factors

18

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

76

Market and Industry Data

79

Use of Proceeds

82

Dividend Policy

83

Capitalization

84

Dilution

86

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations

89

Business

126

Page

Management

191

Executive and Director Compensation

200

Certain Relationships and Related-Party Transactions

214

Principal Stockholders

218

Description of Capital Stock

221

Shares Eligible for Future Sale

229

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences to Non-U.S. Holders

233

Underwriters

237

Legal Matters

250

Experts

250

Change in Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

250

Where You Can Find Additional Information

251

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements

F-1

As used in this prospectus, unless the context otherwise requires, references to “Omada,” “Omada Health,”
the “company,” “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to Omada Health, Inc. and, where appropriate, its subsidiary and consolidated professional corporation, taken as a whole.

“Omada Health,” “Omada,” the Omada logos, and other trade names, trademarks, or service marks of Omada
appearing in this prospectus are the property of Omada. Other trade names, trademarks, or service marks appearing in this prospectus are the property of their respective holders. We do not intend our use or display of other companies’ trade
names, trademarks, or service marks to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, these other companies. Solely for convenience, trade names, trademarks, and service marks referred to in this prospectus appear without the ®, ™ and SM symbols, but those references are not intended to indicate, in any way,
that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or that the applicable owner will not assert its rights, to these trade names, trademarks, and service marks.

Numerical figures included in this prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, numerical figures shown
as totals in various tables may not be arithmetic aggregations of the figures that precede them.

We have not, and the
underwriters have not, authorized anyone to provide you any information or to make any representations other than those contained in this prospectus or in any free writing prospectus prepared by or on behalf of us or to which we have referred you.
Neither we nor the underwriters take responsibility for, or provide any assurance as to the reliability of, any other information others may give you. This prospectus is an offer to sell only the shares offered hereby, and only under circumstances
and in jurisdictions where it is lawful to do so. We are not, and the underwriters are not, making an offer to sell these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. The information contained in this prospectus is
accurate only as of the date of this prospectus, regardless of the time of delivery of this prospectus or any sale of the shares of our common stock. Our business, financial condition, and results of operations may have changed since that date.

Table of Contents

For investors outside the United States: We have not, and the
underwriters have not, done anything that would permit this offering or the possession or distribution of this prospectus or any free writing prospectus in connection with this offering in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required,
other than in the United States. Persons outside the United States who come into possession of this prospectus must inform themselves about, and observe any restrictions relating to, the offering of the shares of common stock and the distribution of
this prospectus outside the United States. See the section titled “Underwriters.”

THROUGH AND
INCLUDING     , 2025 (THE 25TH DAY AFTER THE DATE OF THIS PROSPECTUS), ALL DEALERS THAT BUY, SELL, OR TRADE SHARES OF OUR COMMON STOCK, WHETHER OR NOT PARTICIPATING IN THIS OFFERING, MAY BE REQUIRED TO DELIVER A PROSPECTUS.
THIS DELIVERY REQUIREMENT IS IN ADDITION TO THE OBLIGATION OF DEALERS TO DELIVER A PROSPECTUS WHEN ACTING AS UNDERWRITERS AND WITH RESPECT TO THEIR UNSOLD ALLOTMENTS OR SUBSCRIPTIONS.

Table of Contents

GLOSSARY

In this prospectus, we use a number of healthcare industry terms, as well as other terms that are relevant to the delivery of
our virtual care programs, as defined below unless otherwise noted or indicated by the context:

“A1C” or
“hemoglobin A1C” means a measure of an individual’s blood glucose levels over the past three months.

“ACC” means the American College of Cardiology, a nonprofit medical society that, among other things,
provides self-monitoring blood pressure guidelines.

“ADA” means the American Diabetes Association, a
nonprofit organization that promotes efforts to prevent and address diabetes that has endorsed DSMES.

“ADCES” means the Association of Diabetes Care and Education Specialists, a professional membership
organization dedicated to advancing the quality of diabetes care and education that has awarded accreditation to Omada for Diabetes.

“Affiliated professional entities” means the professional corporations or similar entities that directly
engage certain healthcare professionals, including licensed physical therapists, and that enter into agreements (or may enter into agreements in the future) with us for the delivery of certain aspects of our care. External partners that provide only
complementary healthcare services and not aspects of Omada’s care, such as third-party entities that may in their own professional discretion issue members prescriptions for CGMs or referrals to physical therapy, are not our affiliated
professional entities.

“AHA” means the American Heart Association, a nonprofit organization that, among
other things, provides self-monitoring blood pressure guidelines.

“ASO services” means
administrative services, such as electronic claims processing or other payment processing, typically provided by a health plan or similar entity to its self-insured end customers.

“Behavioral health specialist” means the licensed clinical social workers that provide consultation to our
other Care Team members on general behavioral health practices on an as-needed basis.

“Cardiometabolic
conditions” means conditions that affect or can affect an individual’s cardiovascular system (heart and circulation or blood vessels) and metabolic health, including diabetes, prediabetes, hypertension, and weight-management issues.

“Cardiometabolic programs” means our programs designed to support members living with or at risk for
cardiometabolic conditions and comprise Omada for Prevention & Weight Health, Omada for Diabetes, Omada for Hypertension, and the combined Omada for Diabetes and Hypertension program.

“Care Teams” means the health coaches, relevant specialists, and licensed physical therapists that deliver
healthcare for members in our programs.

“Care Team Platform” means our own, proprietary electronic
health records system that enables our Care Teams to deliver human-led care.

“CDC” means the Centers for
Disease Control and Prevention, the national public health agency of the U.S.

“Channel partner” means a
partner that resells our programs to its own end customers that are financially responsible for costs of our programs. Our channel partners include health plans when those health plans make our programs available to their self-insured customers that
are financially responsible for costs of our programs and only receive ASO services from the health plan. Health plans may also operate as our paying customers, and

i

Table of Contents

not as channel partners, when those health plans include our programs as covered benefits for fully insured populations, where the health plan is financially responsible for costs of our
programs. Our channel partners also include PBMs and certain wellness platforms that provide wellbeing or benefit-navigation services.

“Commercial health insurance” means employer-sponsored health insurance, including both self-funded plans
administered by health plans and populations that are fully insured by health plans, but excludes individuals covered only by government programs, such as Medicare Advantage, or through PBMs and health systems, where those individuals are not also
covered by the commercial health insurance described above.

“CGMs” or “continuous glucose
monitors” means a third-party connected device and type of glucose meter that a member wears to continuously measure blood sugar levels, which provides real-time data to the member and our Care Teams.

“Connected devices” means connected (typically cellularly), third-party devices that we provide to members in
our cardiometabolic programs when clinically appropriate to quantitatively measure progress, surface real-time member data to our platform, and inform delivery of care. Depending on the program, these devices can include scales, blood pressure
monitors, blood glucose monitors, and CGMs.

“Covered lives” means individuals covered for participation
in one or more of our programs by one or more of our paying customers.

“Customer” means an entity that
is financially responsible for costs of our programs for a population of covered lives, either by contracting with us directly or by arranging access through a channel partner. Our customers include employers that cover our programs for their
employees and their dependents, health systems that cover our programs for patients, and any other entity that is financially responsible for costs of our programs for a population of covered lives, such as cities, counties, or states that cover
costs of our programs for residents. Our customers also include health plans that include our programs as covered benefits for fully insured populations, where the health plan is financially responsible for costs of our programs. Health plans may
also operate as channel partners, and not customers, when those health plans make our programs available to their self-insured customers that are financially responsible for costs of our programs and only receive ASO services from the health plan.

“Diabetes Prevention Recognition Program” means a program established by the CDC to recognize
organizations that have demonstrated their ability to effectively deliver an evidence-based diabetes prevention program in accordance with CDC requirements.

“Diabetes Specialist” means the cardiometabolic specialists that provide additional clinical data
interpretation support to members in Omada for Diabetes.

“DSMES” means Diabetes Self-Management
Education & Support, endorsed by the ADA, and refers to a program designed to help people living with diabetes gain the knowledge and skills to make behavior changes and better control their diabetes and related conditions.

“Fully insured” means, with respect to fully insured entities or lines of business, populations for which a
health plan is financially responsible for costs of our programs, including the shortfall or excess between any premiums collected to fund health benefits and payments made to healthcare providers such as Omada, as distinguished from populations for
which the health plan provides ASO services only, where the health plan’s end customers are financially responsible for costs of our programs.

“GLP-1s” or “glucagon-like peptide-1 agonists” means a class of drugs used to treat
certain cardiometabolic conditions, such as diabetes and obesity.

ii

Table of Contents

“Health coach” means the coaches that provide one-on-one
education and support directly to members in our cardiometabolic programs.

“Health plan” means a health
insurance company that either provides health benefits coverage for fully insured populations or provides ASO services to self-insured entities such as large employers that arrange for health benefits coverage to individuals. For purposes of this
prospectus, “health plan” does not include a self-insured plan maintained by an employer or other entity under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, and we refer to employers that arrange for coverage through those plans simply as
employers.

“Health system” means organizations of people and institutions that deliver healthcare
services, such as hospitals and other large practices, and includes the subset of health systems that assume the cost of care for their patients.

“Hypertension specialist” means the cardiometabolic specialists that provide additional clinical data
interpretation support to members in Omada for Hypertension.

“Licensed clinical social worker” means the
behavioral health specialists that provide consultation to our other Care Team members on general behavioral health practices on an as-needed basis.

“Licensed physical therapist” means the healthcare professionals engaged by our affiliated professional
entities that provide direct clinical care to members in Omada for MSK and also provide consultation to coaches in our cardiometabolic programs on general MSK practices on an as-needed basis.

“Medicare Advantage” means a type of health benefits coverage offered by a health plan that contracts with
Medicare as an alternative to traditional Medicare covered directly by the federal government.

“Member”
means an individual that enrolls in one or more of our programs.

“Member cost sharing” means portions of
healthcare costs paid for by the individual in connection with health insurance covers, such as copayments, co-insurance, or deductibles.

“MSK” means musculoskeletal and refers to conditions relevant to our physical therapy program, Omada for MSK.

“NCQA” means the National Committee for Quality Assurance, a non-profit accrediting organization that
has awarded accreditation under its population health program to Omada for Diabetes and the combined Omada for Diabetes and Hypertension program.

“Outcomes” or “clinical outcomes” means the clinical results of members in our programs,
such as changes in weight, blood pressure, blood glucose, A1C, MSK pain, physical function, or other clinical measures.

“Outreach campaigns” means initiatives, such as informational email or traditional mail campaigns or
workplace promotions, designed to inform eligible members of their ability to join Omada programs.

“PBM”
or “pharmacy benefit manager” means an entity that manages prescription drug coverage and certain related offerings, such as our programs, and provides related administrative services. We work with PBMs as channel partners.

“PPTG” means Physera Physical Therapy Group, PC, our affiliated professional entity that directly engages the
licensed physical therapists that deliver care in Omada for MSK.

iii

Table of Contents

“Self-insured entities” means entities other than health
plans, such as large employers, that arrange for health benefit coverage for individuals and are financially responsible for costs of our programs, including the shortfall or excess between any premiums collected to fund health benefits and payments
made to healthcare providers such as Omada.

“URAC” means the Utilization
Review Accreditation Commission, a non-profit accrediting organization that has awarded its Telehealth accreditation to Omada for MSK.

iv

Table of Contents

An introduction from our co-founder and CEO, Sean Duffy.

Table of Contents

When Adrian James, Andrew DiMichele, and I founded Omada Health in 2011, we knew we had to start by listening. Before we
wrote a single line of code, we visited the homes of many people like Yvette, a 29-year-old woman in suburban Atlanta struggling with obesity and prediabetes. We wanted to know what help people like her were getting to manage their conditions
between doctor's visits. The answer, most of the time, was: not much. As Yvette recounted, "I went in with a headache, and my doctor told me, you're prediabetic. You need to lose weight, you need to exercise. And I was just looking at him like,
really? This was only about a month ago. So I haven't wrapped my mind around it. I haven't taken any steps to do anything about it." 1 Many people told us that they had left their doctors' offices with little more than a pamphlet on healthy eating
and some general encouragement to shed a few pounds. Beyond that, they were on their own. The more than 156 million Americans living with chronic conditions, many with little or no proactive support, are the human voices of an epidemiological crisis
that we believe the American health care system is structurally unable to handle. Diabetes and cardiovascular disease alone cause or contribute up to 20% of U.S. deaths.2,3 These diseases are responsible for $526 billion in U.S. healthcare spend per
year, roughly 12% of total U.S. health care expenditures.4,5 This problem is only getting worse. 1 Testimonial is based on the individual's real experience and was gathered as part of user research for initial product development. The member was not
compensated for the testimonial or for time spent in providing the feedback, which was written by the member and not Omada. 2 Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, High Blood Pressure Facts, last updated May 2024. 3 National Center for Health
Statistics, CDC WONDER Database, Multiple Cause of Death Data, 2018-2022. 4 Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Health Topics - Heart Disease and Heart Attack, last updated August 17, 2021. 5 American Diabetes Association, Parker, ED, Lin,
J, Mahoney, T, Ume, N, Yang, G, Gabbay, RA, EISayed, NA, Bannuru, RR, Economic Costs of Diabetes in the U.S. in 2022, Diabetes Care, January 2024. vi

Table of Contents

The hard truth is that many of our country's billing, care, regulatory. and cultural models center around "the visit," a
notably ineffective mode of providing care for chronic needs. Doctors do their best in the narrow window of a visit to inspire change and improve health, but they are unable to do much for patients between visits-which is where most of life happens.
The results we're experiencing are the results we should expect: more illness and higher costs. This does not have to be our destiny. Between-Visit Care We launched Omada Health to be the anti-pamphlet. We're pioneering a new model of care we call
"Between-Visit Care," a novel approach to bringing together different types of healthcare professionals, an array of connected devices, and personalized software experiences in order to deliver multi-condition, contextually relevant care to our
members between their doctor's visits. This experience starts with our Care Teams, which are composed of skilled professionals like health coaches, certified diabetes care and education specialists, licensed clinical social workers, and licensed
physical therapists. These Care Teams get to know Omada members personally, helping them develop detailed, actionable care plans, encouraging and advising them when they struggle, and keeping an eye out for health heading in the wrong direction. We
also equip our members with seamlessly connected hardware, such as digital scales, blood pressure cuffs, blood glucose monitors, and continuous glucose monitors. We then tie the experience together with software that leverages data science advances
and artificial intelligence and machine learning technology. The user experience is designed to be simple, personalized, and engaging. When we connect with members to gather feedback and bring them to our town hall meetings to inspire us, we often
hear that our program feels so different from what they've experienced before. As one member told us: "I've been on every diet invented and heard every pep talk there is. But when I started Omada, it just felt different. On top of total
accountability with your weigh-ins (your weight is automatically sent to the app by the scale) the lessons are different. A couple of them truly set in and I'm able to apply daily and it has helped so much! I hit my first goal 2 weeks ahead of
schedule! My coach is amazing, I hear from her often and can always reach out to her for advice or help! This program is actually working!!"6 As we built Omada, we recognized that a different care model required a different operating model,
including go-to-market strategies, reimbursement structures, and technology platforms, so we designed new ones. We recognized the need to earn the trust of the clinical community. so we began publishing peer-reviewed research and earning
accreditations from respected authorities like the National Committee for Quality Assurance ("NCQA'') and the Utilization Review Accreditation Commission ("URAC'). 6 Testimonial is based on the individual's real experience and results. We do not
claim these are typical results that members will achieve. Results may vary. This testimonial was gathered as part of user research for ongoing product development. The member was not compensated for the testimonial or for time spent in providing
the feedback, which was written by the member and not Omada. vii

Table of Contents

We knew we needed to complement primary care-not compete with it-so we invested in building our programs to support our
members' existing care, not replace it. We knew we needed to attract the sort of talent that cared deeply about our mission, so we shaped a values-driven culture. And we knew we needed to tend to the health of our financials as well as the health of
our members, so we have been thoughtful around our path to becoming a growing and dependable business. We're proud of our success so far. We've enrolled over one million members in Omada's care programs since launch. We now have 29 peer-reviewed
publications showing our clinical and economic impact. Roughly one in ten commercially insured adults in the U.S has coverage for an Omada program. We've partnered with more than 2,000 employers, health plans, and pharmacy benefit managers in
support of their employees or members with over 90% customer satisfaction7 and three-year average customer retention rate of over 90% as of December 31, 2024. As we have grown, our customers and channel partners have trusted us to serve broader
needs. In 2011, we began our journey in prediabetes and obesity. In 2018, we expanded to include diabetes and hypertension. And in 2020, we added musculoskeletal care. Now one in four of our customers work with Omada across multiple care areas.
We're also innovating alongside our customers and channel partners on new horizons, such as our GLP-1 Care Track, which aims to support the use of these valuable therapies in a manner that enhances clinical and economic value to both the members who
use the therapies and the health plans, employers, and other entities that often pay for them. Bending Disease Curves It has been an honor to lead Omada from a sketch on a white board to enrolling over one million members. And our journey is just
beginning. The size of our ambitions must reflect the size of the problem. Our hope is that, one day, tomorrow's epidemiologists will notice a bend in disease curves, wonder what might be happening, and conclude that part of that impact has been
Omada. In turn, our mission statement and purpose at Omada is to: Bend the curve To the Omadans both current and former, thank you for your incredible contributions and for bringing our dreams closer to reality each day. I hope you feel very proud.
Your past and continued efforts help to create the type of care that should exist for everyone but doesn't-yet. To our prospective shareholders, thank you for learning more about Omada. I invite you to join our journey. In front of us is a unique
chance to build a promising and successful business while truly changing lives. We are excited by the opportunity to partner with you, and view our investor relationships as just that - partnerships. Here's to a future where each passing day is a
better world for everyone living with chronic conditions. Onward and upward, Sean Duffy Co-Founder & CEO 7 See the section titled "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" for additional information
regarding how we calculate this metric. viii

Table of Contents

PROSPECTUS SUMMARY

This summary highlights selected information contained in greater detail elsewhere in this prospectus. This summary is not
complete and does not contain all of the information you should consider in making your investment decision. Before investing in our common stock, you should carefully read this entire prospectus. You should carefully consider, among other things,
the sections titled “Risk Factors,” “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements,” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our audited consolidated
financial statements and unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus.

Our
Mission

Omada’s mission is to bend the curve. Our hope is that, one day, tomorrow’s epidemiologists will
notice a bend in disease curves, wonder what might be happening, and conclude that part of that impact has been Omada. As part of that mission, we strive to inspire and enable people to make lasting health changes on their own terms. We deliver
virtual care between doctor’s visits, providing an engaging, personalized, and integrated experience for our members that is designed to improve their health while delivering value for the employers, health plans, health systems, pharmacy
benefit managers (“PBMs”), and other entities that cover the cost of our programs.

Overview

As of 2022, more than 156 million Americans suffered from one or more chronic conditions, such as obesity, prediabetes,
diabetes, hypertension, and musculoskeletal (“MSK”) conditions, and approximately 40% of U.S. adults suffered from two or more chronic conditions, based on data published in the Annals of Bioethics & Clinical Applications.

Managing these conditions—and treating the acute problems they can lead to—creates significant costs for employers,
health plans, PBMs, and other entities that pay for the cost of care. According to the American Diabetes Association (the “ADA”)’s report “Economic Costs of Diabetes in the U.S. in 2022,” chronic diseases were the leading
driver of U.S. medical spend, with diabetes alone accounting for $1 out of every $7 spent. According to research published in Diabetes Care, in 2022, an employee with type 2 diabetes cost on average an additional $7,000 annually due to
increased medical costs, absenteeism, and lost productivity. The direct medical cost of people living with diabetes increased by 35% from 2012 to 2022, despite stable diabetes prevalence.

It doesn’t have to be that way.

Many chronic conditions can be managed or prevented at a more reasonable cost. One reason these conditions are often not
managed efficiently is that the U.S. healthcare system was built mainly on encounter-based reimbursement models that pay for specific services, primarily as issues arise. Between what can be short and
infrequent office visits, patients are often left to manage their condition on their own. Many have a hard time sticking to care plans and health goals—losing weight, eating better, exercising more—and have few resources to turn to for
ongoing questions, accountability, and support as they work to change their lifestyle.

Behavior change is hard. Omada was
created to make it easier.

Our virtual care programs are rooted in evidence and combine relationship-based, human-led clinical care with purpose-built technology. We call this approach Compassionate Intelligence. We work to develop trust with each member and use technology to help us personalize their experience, enabling
us to unlock results at scale.

We sell our programs to customers that cover the cost for covered individuals. Our
customers include employers that cover our programs for their employees and their dependents, health systems that cover our

1

Table of Contents

programs for patients, and any other entity that is financially responsible for costs of our programs for a population of covered lives. We also work closely with health plans and PBMs that
either cover our programs for a portion of their members as our customers or act as channel partners reselling our programs to their own end customers. Our channel partners’ end customers typically consist of employers that cover our programs
for their employees and their dependents. In general, our customers cover the cost of our programs for our members, except that members in our physical therapy program may incur copays, coinsurance, or deductibles, depending on plan design, much
like in-person physical therapy.

We launched our initial program in diabetes prevention and weight health in 2012, with
the goal of showing that a virtual program could achieve the same clinical results as its in-person archetype. Through feedback from our customers, channel partners, members, and the market at large, we then
recognized the need to create an integrated, multi-condition care platform to address multiple, commonly comorbid, chronic conditions. Today, we offer cardiometabolic programs for prediabetes, diabetes, and hypertension; a physical therapy program
to address MSK conditions; additional support for members taking glucagon-like peptide-1 agonists (“GLP-1”) in our cardiometabolic programs (“GLP-1 Care
Tracks”); and behavioral health support across all programs.

Since our founding, our programs have had a meaningful,
positive impact. As of March 31, 2025, we had more than 2,000 customers and over 679,000 total members enrolled in one or more programs, and we had supported over one million members since launch. We count a member as enrolled in a program to
the extent their participation was billed at least once in the preceding 12 months. We believe our programs serve a clear need for our customers and channel partners as well as our members, which is reinforced by our strong customer satisfaction and
member engagement rates. In 2024, our average customer satisfaction rate for the year was over 90% for each of program implementation and customer success. Our customer satisfaction rate is based on survey results from customers that launched a new
program during the measured period, and we consider a customer to be satisfied if they rated our program implementation and ongoing customer success, as applicable, at a 5 or higher on a 7-point scale. We believe that our customer satisfaction rates
are strong and reflect the value of our services to customers. See the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” for additional information on how we calculate our customer
satisfaction rate. In 2024, more than 55% of members still engaged with our cardiometabolic programs at least once per month after a year in the program, and over 50% still engaged monthly after two years. We consider members to be still engaged
after one year or two years in the program if, during their twelfth or twenty-fourth month of program participation in a cardiometabolic program, they complete at least one interaction with us, such as logging in or interacting with the Omada mobile
app, sending messages to Omada Care Team members, or recording metrics such as weight, blood pressure, or blood glucose values. On average, in 2024, members in a cardiometabolic program engaged more than 30 times per month throughout their first
year. Based on our experience and feedback from customers, we believe these engagement rates to be positive and to demonstrate the attractiveness of our program to members. We are proud of our progress, and we are just getting started.

We have experienced strong growth since our inception. Revenue increased by 38% from $122.8 million to
$169.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively, and by 57% from $35.1 million to $55.0 million for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively. We continue to generate revenue from recurring
customers, as evidenced by our net dollar retention rate, which for customers who were contracted as of the beginning of the prior period, is calculated as total billings generated in a particular period divided by total billings generated in the
prior period and was 110% and 128% for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively. We have a history of net losses, due in part to the significant investments we have made in the design and development of our programs and platform
enhancements, and have not yet achieved profitability on an annual basis. We incurred net losses of $67.5 million and $47.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively, and $19.0 million and $9.4 million for
the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively. As of December 31, 2023 and 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of $396.8 million and $444.0 million, respectively. As of March 31, 2024 and 2025, we had an
accumulated deficit

2

Table of Contents

of $415.8 million and $453.4 million, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024, our cash used in operating activities was $49.7 million and
$34.2 million, respectively. During the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2025, our cash used in operating activities was $20.6 million and $16.1 million, respectively.

Industry Background and Opportunity

Chronic Condition Prevalence and Cost Continue to Rise Despite Traditional Approaches to Care

Chronic condition prevalence has been rising for more than two decades and continues to rise. A RAND study from 2015 estimated
that more than 170 million Americans could be living with one or more chronic conditions by 2030. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (the “CDC”), in 2023, chronic conditions were responsible for seven of every
ten deaths in the U.S. and accounted for 90%, or $3.8 trillion, of annual medical spend in the U.S.

Many Digital Health Solutions
Have Fallen Short in Attempts to Address Chronic Conditions

For more than a decade, digital health and virtual
care solutions have promised to use technology to deliver greater access, lower costs, and provide a superior patient experience. While some gains have been made, when it comes to improving outcomes for those living with or at risk for chronic
conditions, we believe many digital chronic condition management platforms have not meaningfully changed the trajectory.

Our Market
Opportunity

People with chronic health conditions are the largest and highest-cost populations in the entire U.S.
healthcare system. Our primary target population comprises individuals covered by commercial health insurance, which we define as employer-sponsored health insurance, including both self-funded plans administered by health plans and populations that
are fully insured by health plans, but excluding individuals covered only by government programs, such as Medicare Advantage, or through PBMs and health systems, where those individuals are not also covered by the commercial health insurance
described above. According to a 2024 report from KFF, this target population covered by commercial health insurance is composed of approximately 154 million individuals. Of this target population, we estimate that, as of December 31, 2024,
approximately 18 million individuals had access to one or more Omada programs through these commercial health insurance providers and the remainder either had health insurance coverage through commercial health insurance providers that did not
cover Omada programs at all or as part of populations that our current customers did not cover for our programs.

For
purposes of illustrating the market opportunity available to us, we assume we could capture the entirety of the target population with prediabetes, diabetes, hypertension, and MSK conditions. The estimates of our market opportunity for individuals
with prediabetes, diabetes, hypertension, and MSK conditions rely on data across each condition for the U.S. population as a whole and therefore assume that these conditions do not vary by geography. Because our members are geographically diverse
and all reside in the U.S., we believe national data is representative of the target population. If in the future our members are no longer limited to the U.S. or cease to be geographically diverse within the U.S., our calculations would be
correspondingly affected. Our estimates for prediabetes, hypertension, and MSK conditions are based on available data that is not age-group specific, although the data used for prediabetes and hypertension is limited to adults. Accordingly, our
estimates do not account for how prevalence rates for prediabetes, hypertension, and MSK conditions may vary across age groups. Because our estimates for diabetes are based on available data from the CDC that is age-group specific, the estimates for
diabetes utilized different prevalence rates across age groups based on that information. If estimates for the prevalence of U.S. individuals with prediabetes, diabetes, hypertension, or MSK conditions change, including, where used in our estimates,
by age group, our calculations would be affected correspondingly.

3

Table of Contents

Based on the target population, the CDC’s estimated prevalence of
prediabetes in the U.S. adult population (38%) and of diabetes in the U.S. working population (4.8% for adults aged 18 to 44 and 18.9% for adults aged 45 to 64) from 2017 to 2020, and the current monthly list price of our programs per active member,
multiplied by 12, we estimate that the current addressable market size for prediabetes and diabetes is $41.4 billion and $17.3 billion, respectively.

Based on the target population, the CDC’s estimated prevalence of hypertension in the U.S. adult population (48.1%) from
2017 to 2020, and the current monthly list price of our program per active member, multiplied by 12, we estimate that our hypertension program represents a $31.6 billion current addressable market. Note that this estimate excludes those
individuals who have hypertension and also have a comorbidity of prediabetes or diabetes.

Based on the target population,
the estimated prevalence of MSK conditions in U.S. individuals (38.8%) calculated using 2019 population estimates from the U.S. Census Bureau and a study published in The Lancet Regional Health – Americas examining 2019 global disease
data, and the current list price of our program per member for a single episode of care, assuming typical utilization, we estimate that MSK conditions represent a $44.8 billion current addressable market.

Our Solution

Compassion Meets
Intelligence

Our virtual, Between-Visit Care model seeks to bring together the best of human care and technology.
Our goal is to support people over time, with programs designed to be simple and engaging to use, accessible whenever and wherever people need them, and complementary and connected to the healthcare system at large. Our model is founded on three
pillars:

•

Care Teams: We believe human relationships and empathy are fundamental drivers of
sustainable behavior change. Our Care Teams, composed of health coaches, relevant specialists, and licensed physical therapists, deliver healthcare to our members within the scope of their credentials. Our Care Teams do not include physicians or
provide medical physician services. The members of our Care Teams are intended to remain with a member throughout their entire journey with Omada. Our Care Teams offer proactive and tailored support that builds trust with members and can contribute
to positive outcomes.

•

Technology: Our integrated technology platform is built to support member engagement at
scale. We use our platform and data from member enrollment, engagement, and connected third-party devices to amplify the impact of our Care Teams through data-driven personalization, connected experiences, and real-time outcomes monitoring.

•

The Omada Insights Lab: As we continue to scale, we invest in continuous innovation
across our programs. The Omada Insights Lab is our cross-functional collaboration of clinical, product, design, engineering, and Care Team experts, which leverages the insights delivered by our Care Teams and technology platform to identify
opportunities to drive even greater results and efficiencies in our programs and business.

Multi-Condition Care

The U.S. healthcare system has largely been designed to treat acute conditions that have clear windows of
treatment and resolution. Chronic conditions, however, often require a variety of healthcare professionals across

4

Table of Contents

disciplines and modalities over indefinite periods of time. As our company grew, we observed a demand from our customers and channel partners for us to expand beyond diabetes prevention and
weight health and into other conditions, such as the treatment and management of diabetes, hypertension, and MSK conditions. Based on the significant overlap across these chronic conditions, we believed there was an opportunity to better meet
members where they were: often suffering from multiple comorbid conditions at once. Our coordinated, multi-condition experience allows us to tailor care plans to members based on their comorbidities, which can be a major advantage in achieving
clinical outcomes and a positive member experience. Many of our customers and channel partners also appreciate having a single partner for chronic condition care because it can simplify contracting, account management, implementation, and member
outreach.

Grounded in Evidence Since Day One

In order to realize the full potential of our model, we sought to earn the trust of the existing healthcare ecosystem. Since
our founding, we have worked to build bridges between the virtual and traditional (largely in-person) care communities through our commitment to delivering evidence-based care, publishing our outcomes, and
earning accreditations and credentials.

•

We Start with Science: The foundation of each of our programs is an evidence-based
intervention that exists in the in-person care setting, such as the CDC’s Diabetes Prevention Program. We have taken—in collaboration with groups such as the CDC or ADA—the foundational designs of these programs and built upon them to
create technology-enabled solutions able to reach patients at scale.

•

We Deliver Outcomes: We have demonstrated clinical outcomes and economic value across our
multi-condition platform, including 29 published, peer-reviewed studies as of December 31, 2024. These quantified results and data allow us to improve our programs and serve as a key differentiator in both product development and sales and
marketing efforts.

•

We are Validated by Experts: We believe virtual care should be subject to many of the
same quality control expectations as traditional in-person care. We have been at the forefront of seeking and achieving accreditations for our quality of care, which is exemplified by the fact that we have
received recognition or accreditation by an independent third-party organization in the healthcare industry relevant to three out of four of our standalone programs. We have received full recognition from the CDC’s Diabetes Prevention
Recognition Program for certain deployments of our Omada for Prevention & Weight Health program, meaning that these deployments have met the rigorous standards for quality and the outcomes requirements set forth by the CDC for a diabetes
prevention program. We have also received accreditations from the Association of Diabetes Care and Education Specialists for our Diabetes program, the National Committee for Quality Assurance for our type 2 Diabetes and combined Diabetes and
Hypertension programs, and the Utilization Review Accreditation Commission for our MSK program.

Scaled,
Diversified Go-to-Market Model

As
of March 31, 2025, we had more than 2,000 customers and over 679,000 total members enrolled in one or more programs, and we had served over one million members since launch. We believe that the breadth of our success is based in part on our
diverse, customer-centric go-to-market strategy and our multi-condition approach. Our customers and channel partners are increasingly looking for solutions that
effectively serve their members at scale and can be easily integrated within their existing benefits ecosystems. Representative customers include Costco, Intermountain Health, Honda, Louisiana Office of Group Benefits, and the State of Alaska. Our
channel partner strategy also includes health plans, such as Cigna Healthcare, and two of the largest PBMs in the U.S., including Express Scripts by Evernorth.

5

Table of Contents

Competitive Advantage

Our human-led, technology-enabled care approach—Compassionate
Intelligence—and our ability to offer multi-condition, contextually relevant care, are core to our success with members—the foundation of our competitive advantage. We believe our multi-condition platform and our differentiated experience
for members also resonate with customers and channel partners as a significant advantage. In addition, we believe our commitment to high clinical standards, our customer-centric experience, and the sophistication of our compliance and security
programs have attracted customers and channel partners over the years.

Compassionate Intelligence: Why Members Love Omada

Our Compassionate Intelligence care is designed to resonate with members. We intentionally constructed our
technology platform to help facilitate a trusted relationship between our members and their Care Teams. This ongoing, consistent, human relationship can create a sense of connection as members and Care Teams get to know each other over time. Members
appreciate the ability to reach out with questions, to be held accountable, and to have dedicated support at their fingertips.

Multi-Condition Platform: The Anti-Point Solution

According to data published in the Annals of Bioethics & Clinical Applications, in 2022, approximately 40% of adults in
the U.S. were living with two or more chronic conditions, which can leave many individuals to struggle with a healthcare system that treats each one of their issues separately. The CDC reported in 2023 that people with diabetes were more than twice
as likely to experience depression; a 2019 study published in the Journal of Back and Musculoskeletal Rehabilitation found that 58% of people with diabetes also experienced an MSK condition; and a 2021 study published in Endotext found
that approximately 74% of adults with diabetes also had hypertension. We have carefully selected the conditions that we treat in an effort to address significant areas of comorbidity in an integrated member experience with one provider. We are able
to deliver care to members diagnosed with prediabetes, obesity, type 1 or type 2 diabetes, and hypertension; members taking GLP-1 therapy; and members who suffer from MSK conditions. Additionally, all members
may receive additional support for behavioral health challenges from anxiety or stress to depression to promote overall wellbeing and support their physical and mental health.

Commitment to Outcomes

We consider our commitment to outcomes a core competitive advantage in selling to our customers and channel partners. Each
Omada program is based on clinical guidelines that inform an evidence-based approach. Our programs are designed to reflect clinical best practices, tracked against validated industry metrics, and embraced by important industry stakeholders. In
holding ourselves to many of the same quality standards as other healthcare providers, we strive to be a trusted member of the healthcare ecosystem at large, valued by our customers and channel partners alike. Through our 29 published, peer-reviewed
studies as of December 31, 2024, we have established and validated the health impact of our programs and their value for customers and channel partners.

Flexible, Customer-Centric Experience

Our diversified go-to-market strategy and
connectivity with employers, health plans, and PBMs have created a channel-agnostic and flexible sales approach. As the number of point solutions increases, employers are streamlining benefit strategies through their health plans and PBMs in
addition to contracting directly with digital health companies. Our relationships with health plans, PBMs, and other channel partners give employers the flexibility to contract with us in the way they prefer.

6

Table of Contents

Trusted to Deliver at Scale

Our customers and channel partners are sophisticated, and when partnering with new digital solutions, they thoughtfully
evaluate potential risks and seek lasting partnerships. We believe that we have established ourselves as a trusted partner with a strong track record for both longevity and security. We have scaled to more than 2,000 customers as of March 31,
2025, and have served more than one million members since launch. As a healthcare provider and covered entity under the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic
and Clinical Health Act, and their implementing regulations (collectively, “HIPAA”), we value the trust of our customers, channel partners, and members. We have implemented safeguards designed to protect member privacy and to maintain high
levels of data security and member safety.

Growth Opportunities

We have several immediate and long-term growth opportunities that carry with them the potential to reach millions of new
members and deliver greater impact at scale.

Expand Our Channel Partnerships and Grow Our Customer Base

We had more than 2,000 customers as of March 31, 2025, and we believe there is still a significant opportunity for us to
grow our number of covered lives through existing channels. We also see opportunity with new channels and in lines of business where we have yet to place significant focus, such as Medicare Advantage and fully insured lines of business, and we
believe there is potential for growth in our more nascent channels including health systems and government programs. Additionally, while Omada does not develop or prescribe GLP-1 therapies, we expect the attention and focus that GLP-1s bring to our industry, along with the launch of our GLP-1 Care Tracks to support individuals who take GLP-1 therapy, will help
accelerate our growth.

Sell Multiple Programs Into Existing Customer Base

We have seen significant uptake of our multi-condition offering, both from existing customers and channel partners who
initially entered into contracts for one program but later added others and from new customers and channel partners who enter into contracts for multi-condition solutions from day one. We believe there is still opportunity to continue multi-condition expansion. As of December 31, 2024, approximately 31% of our customers offered more than one Omada program, which leaves a sizable opportunity to sell additional programs.

Increase Member Enrollment

As of December 31, 2024, we estimate that 20 million individuals had benefits coverage for one or more Omada
programs through their employers, health plans, PBMs, health systems, or other customers, where they have a clinical need. Having served over one million members since launch, there is still significant opportunity to enroll more members, and future
efforts in a number of areas could increase enrollment rates. We are focused on achieving higher enrollment rates by helping more customers and channel partners adopt our outreach best practices, including enabling
Omada-led outreach campaigns, implementing strategies to reach individuals with known risk, and evaluating new enrollment strategies and channels. We also have a strong outreach optimization engine, and we
continuously work to iterate and improve our tactics to drive higher enrollment rates. As the general state of artificial intelligence and machine learning technology continues to evolve, we plan to evaluate new ways in which these technologies
could further optimize our outreach strategies.

Enhance Member Engagement Within Existing Customer Base

Given the engagement-based pricing models that we offer for cardiometabolic programs, increased member engagement can drive
significant growth going forward. In 2024, more than 55% of members still engaged with

7

Table of Contents

our cardiometabolic programs at least once per month after a year in the program. Our data, Care Teams, and technology power our ability to drive increased engagement, through frequent
touchpoints, reminders, and progress tracking tools.

Future Innovation Horizons

We have a demonstrated history of launching new offerings (Omada for Diabetes and Omada for Hypertension in 2018) on our
current infrastructure and new Care Tracks within existing products (GLP-1 Care Tracks). We also successfully added MSK care to our program offerings through an acquisition in 2020. Though our focus remains on
continued progress in our current care areas, we will continue to monitor the needs of our customers and channel partners, and we believe we are well positioned to respond to their requirements organically or, where appropriate, to add new
capabilities through partnerships and potential acquisitions.

Risks Associated with Our Business

Our business is subject to a number of risks of which you should be aware before making a decision to invest in our common
stock. These risks are more fully described in the section titled “Risk Factors” immediately following this prospectus summary. These risks include, among others, the following:

•

We have a limited operating history and have grown significantly in a short period of time. If we fail to
manage our growth effectively, our business could be materially and adversely affected.

•

We have a history of net losses, and we may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future.

•

The failure of our programs to achieve and maintain market acceptance could result in us achieving sales below
our expectations, which would cause our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects to be materially and adversely affected.

•

The market for our programs is new, rapidly evolving, and increasingly competitive, as the healthcare industry
in the U.S. is undergoing significant structural change, which makes it difficult to forecast demand for our programs.

•

We operate in a very competitive industry, and if we fail to compete successfully against our existing or
potential competitors, some of whom may have greater resources than us, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be materially and adversely affected.

•

Competitive solutions or other technological breakthroughs for the monitoring, treatment, or prevention of
chronic conditions or technological developments may adversely affect demand for our programs.

•

The growth of our business relies, in part, on the growth and success of our customers and channel partners
such as health plans, PBMs, and other resellers, and revenue from member enrollment, which are difficult to predict and are affected by factors outside of our control.

•

If the number of individuals covered by employers, health plans, PBMs, health systems, government entities, or
other existing or potential customers decreases, or the number of programs they cover decreases, our member enrollment may decline, and our revenue will likely decrease, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition,
results of operations, and prospects.

•

Our revenue depends on member engagement in our programs and the clinical outcomes and cost savings of our
offerings, and our failure to achieve and maintain meaningful member engagement, clinical outcomes, and/or cost savings could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects.

8

Table of Contents

•

We incur significant upfront costs in establishing and expanding our relationships with employers, health
plans, PBMs, health systems, government entities, and other existing or potential customers and channel partners, and if we are unable to maintain and grow these relationships over time, we are likely to fail to recover these costs, which could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects.

•

A substantial portion of our sales comes from or through a limited number of customers and channel partners
that operate as resellers.

•

If we are unable to attract new customers and channel partners and increase member enrollment from new and
existing customers and channel partners, our revenue growth could be slower than we expect, and our business may be adversely affected.

•

We will need to increase the size of our organization, including our Care Teams, and we may experience
difficulties in managing growth and attracting talent. A deterioration in our relationships with our employees and other service providers could have an adverse impact on our business.

•

We depend on a limited number of third-party suppliers for certain devices and other supplies that we deliver
to members in connection with our programs, for cellular device connectivity, and for certain complementary healthcare services provided by external partners, such as prescriptions or physician referrals, and the loss of any of these suppliers or
partners, or their inability to support our required volume, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects.

•

We experience seasonality in our business, which may cause fluctuations in our financial results.

•

If we fail to develop widespread brand awareness cost-effectively or are subject to widespread negative media
coverage, our business may suffer.

•

If we are not able to develop and release new programs and services or to develop and release successful
enhancements to, new features for, and modifications to our existing programs, services, and platform, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be materially and adversely affected.

•

Our information technology (“IT”) systems and those of our affiliated professional entities, or
those used by our third-party service providers, vendors, business partners, or other contractors or consultants, may fail or suffer cybersecurity incidents, data breaches, and other disruptions, which could result in a material disruption of our
systems or programs, compromise confidential information related to our business or of our customers or channel partners, including protected health information (“PHI”) and other sensitive or personal information of employees, covered
individuals, and members, or prevent us from accessing critical information, potentially exposing us to liability or otherwise materially and adversely affecting our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects.

•

Our business depends upon the interoperability of our programs and related connected devices across a number
of devices, operating systems, and third-party applications that we do not control.

•

We operate in a highly regulated industry and changes in regulations or the implementation of existing
regulations could affect our operations.

•

Our use and disclosure of personal information, including health information, is subject to federal and state
privacy and security laws and regulations, and our or our affiliated professional entities’ actual or

9

Table of Contents

perceived failure to comply with such laws and regulations or to adequately secure the personal information we hold could result in significant liability or reputational harm and, in turn, a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects.

•

If we or our affiliated professional entities fail to comply with federal and state healthcare regulatory
laws, we could be subject to penalties, including, but not limited to, administrative, civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, exclusion from participation in governmental healthcare programs, and the curtailment of our
operations, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects.

•

The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the “FDA”) may modify its enforcement policies with respect
to medical software products, and our software applications may become subject to extensive regulatory requirements, which may increase the cost of conducting, or otherwise harm, our business.

•

We are dependent on our relationships with affiliated professional entities, which we do not own, to provide
physical therapy services, and our business would be adversely affected if those relationships were disrupted or if our arrangements with such affiliated professional entities or our customers or channel partners are found to violate state laws
prohibiting the corporate practice of physical therapy or fee splitting.

•

Legislative or regulatory healthcare reforms or reductions in government spending may make it more difficult
and costly to produce, market, and distribute our programs or to do so profitably.

•

We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. If our remediation of
the material weaknesses is not effective, or if we experience additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls in the future, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our
results of operations or financial condition, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and, as a result, the value of our common stock.

Our Corporate Information

We were incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on April 25, 2011. Our principal executive offices are
located at 500 Sansome Street, Suite 200, San Francisco, California 94111, and our telephone number is (888) 987-8337. Our corporate website address is www.omadahealth.com. Information contained on, or
accessible through, our website shall not be deemed incorporated into and is not a part of this prospectus or the registration statement of which it is a part. We have included our website in this prospectus solely as an inactive textual reference.

Implications of Being an Emerging Growth Company

We are an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”). We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of: (i) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the consummation of this offering; (ii) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual
gross revenue of at least $1.235 billion; (iii) the last day of the fiscal year in which we are deemed to be a “large accelerated filer” as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), which would occur if the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeded $700.0 million as of the last business day of the
second fiscal quarter of such year; or (iv) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. An emerging growth company
may take advantage of specified reduced reporting

10

Table of Contents

requirements and is relieved of certain other significant requirements that are otherwise generally applicable to public companies. As a result, the information that we provide to our
stockholders may be different than you might receive from other public reporting companies in which you hold equity interests.

As an emerging growth company, we have elected to take advantage of certain of the reduced disclosure obligations in the
registration statement of which this prospectus is a part and may elect to take advantage of other reduced reporting requirements in future filings. In particular:

•

we will present in this prospectus only two years of audited consolidated financial statements, plus any
required unaudited financial statements, and related management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations;

•

we will avail ourselves of the exemption from the requirement to obtain an attestation and report from our
independent registered public accounting firm on the assessment of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002;

•

we will provide less extensive disclosure about our executive compensation arrangements; and

•

we will not require stockholder non-binding advisory votes on
executive compensation or golden parachute arrangements.

In addition, the JOBS Act provides that an
emerging growth company can take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards. This provision allows an emerging growth company to delay the adoption of some accounting standards until those
standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to use the extended transition period for any other new or revised accounting standards during the period in which we remain an emerging growth company; however, we may adopt
certain new or revised accounting standards early.

11

Table of Contents

THE OFFERING

Common stock offered by us

shares.

Underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares

shares.

Common stock to be outstanding after this offering

shares (or     shares if the underwriters exercise in full their option to
purchase additional shares).

Use of proceeds

We estimate that the net proceeds from this offering will be approximately $   million (or approximately
$   million if the underwriters exercise in full their option to purchase up to   additional shares of common stock), based on an assumed initial public offering price of $  per share, which is the midpoint
of the estimated price range set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, and after deducting estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us.

We currently intend to use the net proceeds from this
offering for general corporate purposes, including working capital, operating expenses, and capital expenditures. We may also use a portion of the proceeds to repay outstanding borrowings under the MidCap Credit Agreement and/or to acquire
complementary businesses, products, services, or technologies. We periodically evaluate strategic opportunities; however, we have no current understandings or commitments to enter into any such acquisitions or make any such investments.

We will have broad discretion in the way that we use the
net proceeds of this offering. See the section titled “Use of Proceeds” for additional information.

Risk factors

You should read the section titled “Risk Factors” for a discussion of factors to consider carefully, together
with all the other information included in this prospectus, before deciding to invest in our common stock.

Proposed Nasdaq Global Market trading symbol

“OMDA”

The number of shares of our common stock to be outstanding after this offering is based on
shares of our common stock outstanding as of March 31, 2025 and reflects the Preferred Stock Conversion and the Series D Warrant Exercise described below.

The number of shares of our common stock to be outstanding after this offering does not include:

•

248,625 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding warrants to purchase shares of
common stock and warrants to purchase Series B redeemable convertible preferred stock, all

12

Table of Contents

of which will convert into warrants exercisable for common stock immediately prior to the completion of this offering, as of March 31, 2025, with a weighted-average exercise price of $1.13 per
share;

•

36,750,483 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options as of March 31,
2025, with a weighted-average exercise price of $2.44 per share; and

•

18,500,318 shares of our common stock reserved for future issuance under our equity compensation plans,
consisting of:

•

15,136,624 shares of our common stock to be reserved for future issuance under our 2025 Incentive Award
Plan (the “2025 Plan”), which will become effective on the date immediately prior to the date our registration statement relating to this offering becomes effective, from which we will grant restricted stock units (“RSUs”)
covering approximately     shares of common stock concurrently with this offering (based on an assumed initial public offering price of $    per share, which is the midpoint of the estimated price range set
forth on the cover page of this prospectus), as well as any future increases in the number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the 2025 Plan; and

•

3,363,694 shares of our common stock reserved for future issuance under our 2025 Employee Stock Purchase
Plan (the “ESPP”), which will become effective on the date immediately prior to the date our registration statement relating to this offering becomes effective, as well as any future increases in the number of shares of common stock
reserved for issuance under the ESPP.

Unless otherwise indicated, all information contained in this
prospectus, including the number of shares of common stock that will be outstanding after this offering, assumes or gives effect to:

•

the adoption, filing, and effectiveness of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation immediately
prior to the completion of this offering;

•

the conversion of all the outstanding shares of our Series A, Series B, Series C, Series C-1, Series D, Series D-1, and Series E redeemable convertible preferred stock into an aggregate of 118,218,801 shares of our common stock, the conversion of which will occur
immediately prior to the completion of this offering (the “Preferred Stock Conversion”);

•

the automatic cashless exercise of outstanding warrants to acquire shares of our Series D redeemable
convertible preferred stock as of    , 2025 and the conversion of the     shares issued upon such exercise, assuming an initial public offering price of $     per share, which is the
midpoint of the estimated price range set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, into an equivalent number of shares of our common stock, the conversion of which will occur immediately prior to the completion of this offering (the “Series
D Warrant Exercise”);

•

a
-for-     reverse stock split of our common stock effected on    , 2025;

•

no exercise of outstanding warrants or options subsequent to December 31, 2024, except in connection with
the Series D Warrant Exercise; and

•

no exercise by the underwriters of their option to purchase up to    additional shares
of our common stock.

13

Table of Contents

SUMMARY CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA

The following tables summarize our consolidated financial data for the periods and as of the dates indicated. The following
summary consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss data for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024 and consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31, 2024, except for pro forma and pro forma as adjusted amounts,
have been derived from our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus. The following summary condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss data for the three months
ended March 31, 2024 and 2025, and the condensed consolidated balance sheet data as of March 31, 2025, except for pro forma and pro forma as adjusted amounts, have been derived from our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the
related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus. Our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”). Our
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements were prepared on a basis consistent with our audited consolidated financial statements and include, in management’s opinion, all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments,
that they consider necessary for a fair presentation of the financial information set forth in those statements. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any period in the future, and results for
the three months ended March 31, 2025 are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for the year ended December 31, 2025. You should read the following summary consolidated financial data together with our audited consolidated financial
statements and unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and, in each case, the related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus and the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations.” The summary consolidated financial data included in this section are not intended to replace the consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus.

Year Ended December 31,

Three Months Ended March 31,

2023

2024

2024

2025

(unaudited)

Consolidated Statements of Operations and
Comprehensive Loss Data

(in thousands, except per-share amounts)

Revenue

Services

$

114,531

$

157,789

$

31,904

$

49,496

Hardware

8,253

12,011

3,191

5,467

Total revenue

122,784

169,800

35,095

54,963

Cost of revenue

Services

36,735

42,520

10,296

12,744

Hardware

16,078

24,403

7,451

10,319

Total cost of revenue

52,813

66,923

17,747

23,063

Gross profit

69,971

102,877

17,348

31,900

Operating expenses

Research and development

33,738

35,923

8,896

8,806

Sales and marketing

66,249

68,053

17,196

20,170

General and administrative

35,981

42,555

9,249

11,320

Total operating expenses

135,968

146,531

35,341

40,296

Operating loss

(65,997

)

(43,654

)

(17,993

)

(8,396

)

Other expense, net

Interest expense

4,705

4,506

1,130

1,074

Interest income

(5,775

)

(805

)

(529

)

(542

)

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities

1,048

(218

)

375

520

Loss on extinguishment of debt

1,536

—

—

—

Total other expense, net

1,514

3,483

976

1,052

Loss before provision for income taxes

(67,511

)

(47,137

)

(18,969

)

(9,448

)

14

Table of Contents

Year Ended December 31,

Three Months Ended March 31,

2023

2024

2024

2025

(unaudited)

Consolidated Statements of Operations and
Comprehensive Loss Data

(in thousands, except per-share amounts)

Provision for income taxes

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

—

Net loss and comprehensive loss

(67,511

)

(47,137

)

(18,969

)

(9,448

)

Net loss per share—basic and
diluted(1)

$

(3.17

)

$

(2.03

)

$

(0.84

)

$

(0.38

)

Weighted-average shares outstanding—basic and diluted(1)

21,273

23,164

22,482

24,723

Pro forma net loss per share—basic and diluted(2)

$

$

Pro forma weighted-average shares outstanding—basic and diluted(2)

(1)

See Note 16 to our audited consolidated financial statements and Note 13 to our unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus for an explanation of the calculation of our basic and diluted net loss per share and the weighted-average number of shares used in the computation of the per share amounts.

(2)

Pro forma net loss per share, basic and diluted, for the year ended December 31, 2024 and for the three
months ended March 31, 2025 is calculated by giving effect to the elimination of the redeemable convertible preferred stock warrant liabilities following conversion of all of our outstanding warrants exercisable for shares of our Series B
redeemable convertible preferred stock as of December 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025, respectively, into warrants exercisable for shares of our common stock immediately prior to the completion of this offering, the Preferred Stock Conversion, and
the Series D Warrant Exercise, as if the shares resulting from the Preferred Stock Conversion and the Series D Warrant Exercise were outstanding as of the beginning of the period presented. The following table summarizes our pro forma net loss per
share for the year ended December 31, 2024 and for the three months ended March 31, 2025:

Year Ended
December 31, 2024

Three Months Ended
March 31, 2025

(in thousands, except per-share amounts)

Numerator

Net loss

$

$

Pro forma adjustment related to the elimination of the redeemable convertible preferred stock
warrant liabilities

Pro forma net loss

Denominator

Weighted-average shares outstanding—basic and diluted

Pro forma adjustment to reflect the Preferred Stock Conversion

Pro forma adjustment to reflect the Series D Warrant Exercise

Pro forma weighted-average shares outstanding—basic and diluted

Pro forma net loss per share—basic and diluted

$

$

As of December 31, 2024

As of March 31, 2025

Actual

Actual

Pro
Forma(1)

Pro Forma
as Adjusted(2)(3)

(unaudited)

Consolidated Balance Sheet Data

(in thousands)

Cash and cash equivalents

$

76,392

$

59,397

$

$

Working capital(4)

59,106

53,326

Total assets

150,892

141,182

Long-term debt

29,771

29,868

Warrant liabilities, non-current

2,252

2,772

15

Table of Contents

As of December 31, 2024

As of March 31, 2025

Actual

Actual

Pro
Forma(1)

Pro Forma
as Adjusted(2)(3)

(unaudited)

Consolidated Balance Sheet Data

(in thousands)

Total liabilities

86,261

82,197

Redeemable convertible preferred stock

449,034

449,034

Additional paid-in capital

59,539

63,340

Accumulated deficit

(443,966

)

(453,414

)

Total stockholders’ deficit

(384,403

)

(390,049

)

(1)

The pro forma column above reflects (a) the Preferred Stock Conversion, (b) the Series D Warrant
Exercise, (c) the conversion of all of our outstanding warrants exercisable for shares of Series B redeemable convertible preferred stock into warrants exercisable for    shares of common stock immediately prior to the
completion of this offering and the related reclassification of the redeemable convertible preferred stock warrant liabilities to additional paid-in capital, and (d) the filing and effectiveness of our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation, which will become effective immediately prior to the completion of this offering.

(2)

The pro forma as adjusted column gives effect to (a) the pro forma adjustments set forth in
(1) above and (b) our receipt of estimated net proceeds from the sale of shares of common stock that we are offering at an assumed initial public offering price of $    per share, which is the midpoint of the
estimated price range set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, after deducting estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us.

(3)

The pro forma as adjusted information above is illustrative only and will depend on the actual initial public
offering price and other terms of this offering determined at pricing. Each $1.00 increase or decrease in the assumed initial public offering price of $    per share of our common stock, which is the midpoint of the estimated
price range set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, would increase or decrease, as applicable, each of our pro forma as adjusted cash and cash equivalents, working capital, total assets, and total stockholders’ equity (deficit) by
approximately $    million, assuming the number of shares offered by us, as set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, remains the same, and after deducting estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated
offering expenses payable by us. Similarly, each increase or decrease of 1.0 million shares in the number of shares of common stock offered by us would increase or decrease, as applicable, each of our pro forma as adjusted cash and cash
equivalents, working capital, total assets, and total stockholders’ equity (deficit) by approximately $    million, assuming the assumed initial public offering price of $    per share of our
common stock, which is the midpoint of the estimated price range set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, remains the same, and after deducting estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us.

(4)

Working capital is defined as current assets less current liabilities. See our audited consolidated financial
statements and unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and, in each case, the related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus for further details regarding our current assets and current liabilities as of December 31, 2024 and
as of March 31, 2025.

Key Metric

We monitor the following key metric to help us evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our
business, formulate business plans, and make strategic decisions.

As of December 31,

As of March 31,

2022

2023

2024

2024

2025

Total Members

299,000

391,000

572,000

461,000

679,000

For additional information about our key metric, including for information about how we
calculate the number of members, see the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Key Metric.”

Non-GAAP Financial Measures

We use certain financial measures not calculated in accordance with GAAP to supplement the financial information in our
audited consolidated financial statements and unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, which are presented in accordance with GAAP. These non-GAAP financial measures include

16

Table of Contents

non-GAAP gross profit, non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP operating expenses, non-GAAP operating expenses margin,
adjusted EBITDA, and adjusted EBITDA margin. We use these non-GAAP financial measures for financial and operational decision-making and as a means to assist us in evaluating period-to-period comparisons.

We define
non-GAAP gross profit as gross profit, excluding share-based compensation expense, amortization of intangible assets, and depreciation and amortization, and non-GAAP gross margin as gross margin, excluding
share-based compensation expense, amortization of intangible assets, and depreciation and amortization. We define non-GAAP operating expenses as total operating expenses reported on our consolidated statements of operations, excluding share-based
compensation expense, amortization of intangible assets, depreciation and amortization, and loss on disposal of property and equipment, and non-GAAP operating expenses margin as non-GAAP operating expenses divided by GAAP total revenue reported on
our consolidated statements of operations. We define adjusted EBITDA as net loss and comprehensive loss reported on our consolidated statements of operations, excluding the impact of interest expense, interest income, change in fair value of warrant
liabilities, loss on debt extinguishment, provision for income taxes, share-based compensation expense, amortization of intangible assets, depreciation and amortization, and loss on disposal of property and equipment, and adjusted EBITDA margin as
adjusted EBITDA divided by GAAP total revenue reported on our consolidated statements of operations.

Year Ended December 31,

Three Months Ended March 31,

2023

2024

2024

2025

(in thousands, except percentages)

GAAP gross profit

$

69,971

$

102,877

$

17,348

$

31,900

Non-GAAP gross profit

$

73,825

$

107,257

$

18,371

$

33,118

GAAP gross margin

57.0

%

60.6

%

49.4

%

58.0

%

Non-GAAP gross margin

60.1

%

63.2

%

52.3

%

60.3

%

GAAP operating expenses

$

135,968

$

146,531

$

35,341

$

40,296

Non-GAAP operating expenses

$

126,483

$

136,686

$

32,370

$

37,336

GAAP operating expenses margin

110.7

%

86.3

%

100.7

%

73.3

%

Non-GAAP operating expenses margin

103.0

%

80.5

%

92.2

%

67.9

%

GAAP net loss and comprehensive loss

$

(67,511

)

$

(47,137

)

$

(18,969

)

$

(9,448

)

Adjusted EBITDA

$

(52,658

)

$

(29,429

)

$

(13,999

)

$

(4,218

)

GAAP net loss and comprehensive loss margin

(55.0

)%

(27.8

)%

(54.1

)%

(17.2

)%

Adjusted EBITDA margin

(42.9

)%

(17.3

)%

(39.9

)%

(7.7

)%

The non-GAAP financial measures are presented for
supplemental informational purposes only and should not be considered a substitute for financial information presented in accordance with GAAP and may be different from similarly-titled non-GAAP measures used
by other companies.

For additional information about these non-GAAP financial
measures, including their limitations, and reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measures stated in accordance with GAAP, see the section titled
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Non-GAAP Financial Measures.”

17

Table of Contents

RISK FACTORS

Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, as
well as the other information in this prospectus, including our audited consolidated financial statements and unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and, in each case, the related notes and “Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” before deciding whether to invest in our common stock. The occurrence of any of the events or developments described below could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. In such an event, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we
currently believe are not material may also impair our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects.

Risks Relating to Our
Business and Industry

We have a limited operating history and have grown significantly in a short period of time. If we fail to
manage our growth effectively, our business could be materially and adversely affected.

We were organized in 2011
and began offering Omada for Prevention & Weight Health in 2012. Accordingly, we have a limited operating history, which makes an evaluation of our future prospects difficult. Our results of operations have fluctuated in the past, and we
expect our future quarterly and annual results of operations to fluctuate as we focus on increasing the demand for our programs. We may need to make business decisions that could adversely affect our results of operations and prospects, such as
modifications to our pricing strategy, business structure, or operations.

We have experienced recent rapid growth. This
growth has placed significant demands on our management and financial, operational, technological, and other resources, and we expect that any future growth will continue to place significant demands on our management and other resources and will
require us to continue developing and improving our financial, operational, and other internal controls. In particular, continued growth increases the challenges involved in a number of areas, including recruiting and retaining sufficient skilled
personnel, providing adequate training and supervision to maintain our high quality standards, and preserving our culture and values. We may not be able to address these challenges in a cost-effective manner, or at all. As we grow, we may also need
to invest significant resources to improve and expand our technological systems, including reworking any existing technology and/or documenting existing features, and we may not be able to do so in a cost-effective manner or at all. If we are unable
to efficiently update or further improve our technology infrastructure, we may need to hire additional personnel, including Care Team members, to support our programs and any future growth, which could limit our ability to achieve economies of
scale. If we do not effectively manage our growth, we may not be able to execute on our business plan, respond to competitive pressures, take advantage of market opportunities, satisfy requirements from our customers and channel partners, or
maintain high-quality offerings, and our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be materially and adversely affected.

We have a history of net losses, and we may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future.

We have incurred net losses since our inception, and we may incur net losses in the future. For the years ended
December 31, 2023 and 2024, we incurred net losses of $67.5 million and $47.1 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of $444.0 million. For the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2025, we
incurred net losses of $19.0 million and $9.4 million, respectively. As of March 31, 2025, we had an accumulated deficit of $453.4 million. We also expect our operating expenses to increase in future periods, and if our revenue growth does
not increase to more than offset these anticipated increases in our operating expenses, we may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability, and our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects will be harmed. Since
inception, we have spent, and intend to continue to spend, significant funds to develop our programs, to develop our customer support resources, to scale

18

Table of Contents

our offerings, and to recruit and retain key talent. Some of these investments may not yield the revenue gains we anticipate and reduce our operating margin. If our investments are not
successful, and if we are unable to successfully develop, commercialize, and market our programs to customers and channel partners, our ability to increase revenue may be adversely affected. In addition to the expected costs to grow our business, we
also expect to incur significant additional legal, accounting, and other expenses as a newly public company. If we fail to increase our revenue to exceed the increases in our operating expenses, we will not be able to achieve or maintain
profitability in the future.

The failure of our programs to achieve and maintain market acceptance could result in us achieving
sales below our expectations, which would cause our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects to be materially and adversely affected.

Our current business strategy is highly dependent on our programs achieving and maintaining market acceptance. Market
acceptance and adoption of our programs depend on our achieving and maintaining meaningful member engagement, clinical outcomes, and costs savings, and on educating employers, health plans, PBMs, health systems, government entities, and other
customers and channel partners as to the distinct features, ease-of-use, and other perceived benefits of our programs as compared to competitive solutions and programs.
If we are not successful in demonstrating to existing and potential customers and channel partners the benefits of our programs, or if we are not able to achieve the support of employers, health plans, PBMs, health systems, government entities, and
other existing or potential customers or channel partners for our programs, our sales may decline, or we may fail to increase our sales in line with our forecasts.

Achieving and maintaining market acceptance of our programs could be negatively impacted by many factors, including:

•

the failure of our programs to achieve wide acceptance among people living with or at risk for chronic
conditions, employers, health plans, PBMs, health systems, government entities, other existing or potential customers and channel partners, and key opinion leaders in the treatment community;

•

lack of evidence or peer-reviewed publication of clinical evidence supporting the efficacy, ease-of-use, cost-savings, safety, or other perceived benefits of our current or future programs or features, or perceived lack of compelling evidence, over competitive
offerings or other currently available methodologies;

•

perceived risks associated with the use of our programs or similar solutions or technologies generally,
including perceived risks regarding patient confidentiality, data privacy, artificial intelligence (“AI”), and cybersecurity;

•

the introduction of competitive solutions or other advancements in healthcare or drugs and the rate of
acceptance of those solutions and advancements as compared to our programs; and

•

results of clinical and financial studies relating to chronic condition programs or similar competitive
solutions.

In addition, our programs may be perceived by employers, health plans, PBMs, health systems,
government entities, and other existing or potential customers and channel partners or our current or prospective members to be more complicated or less effective than other healthcare approaches. People may be unwilling to change their current
