1
d590040d8k.htm
FORM 8-K

Form 8-K

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (date of earliest event reported): August 29, 2013

INTRA-CELLULAR THERAPIES, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware

000-54896

36-4742850

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation)

(Commission

File Number)

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

3960 Broadway

New York, New York 10032

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

(212) 923-3344

(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)

Oneida
Resources Corp.

c/o Samir Masri CPA Firm P.C., 175 Great Neck Road, Suite 403, Great Neck, NY 11021

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2.
below):

¨

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

¨

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

¨

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

¨

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Item 1.01.

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

The disclosures set forth in Item 2.01 hereof are hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01.

Item 2.01.

Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

Pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated August 23, 2013, or the Merger Agreement, by and among Oneida Resources Corp., which is referred to herein as the Company, we, our and us; ITI, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, or Merger Sub; and Intra-Cellular Therapies, Inc., a Delaware corporation, which is referred to hereinafter as Intra-Cellular; Merger Sub merged with and into Intra-Cellular, with
Intra-Cellular remaining as the surviving entity and a wholly-owned operating subsidiary of the Company. This transaction is referred to throughout this report as the “Merger.” The Merger was effective as of August 29, 2013, upon the
filing of a Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. As part of the Merger, Intra-Cellular changed its name to ITI, Inc. A copy of the Merger Agreement is filed herewith as Exhibit 2.1, and is incorporated herein
by reference.

Following the Merger, a newly organized wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company named “Intra-Cellular
Therapies, Inc.”, or Name Change Merger Sub, merged with and into the Company, leaving the Company as the surviving corporation. This transaction is referred to throughout this report as the “Name Change Merger.” In connection with
the Name Change Merger, we relinquished our corporate name “Oneida Resources Corp.” and assumed in its place the name “Intra-Cellular Therapies, Inc.” The Name Change Merger and name change became effective on August 29,
2013, upon the filing of a Certificate of Ownership and Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. The Certificate of Ownership and Merger is filed as Exhibit 3.4 hereto, and is incorporated herein by reference.

At the effective time of the Merger, or the Effective Time, the legal existence of Merger Sub ceased and each share of Intra-Cellular
common stock and each share of Intra-Cellular preferred stock that was issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time was automatically exchanged for 0.5 shares of our common stock, or the Exchange. We issued an aggregate of
22,134,647 shares of our common stock upon such exchange of the outstanding shares of Intra-Cellular common stock and preferred stock. In addition, at the Effective Time, we assumed Intra-Cellular’s 2003 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, or
the 2003 Equity Incentive Plan, and all options to purchase Intra-Cellular common stock then outstanding under the 2003 Equity Incentive Plan, and such options became exercisable for an aggregate of 1,462,380 shares of our common stock, subject to
the vesting and other terms of such options. The vesting of such options was not accelerated as a result of the Merger. At the Effective Time, we also assumed the outstanding warrant to purchase Intra-Cellular common stock, and such warrant became
exercisable for 1,822 shares of our common stock.

Immediately following the Effective Time, pursuant to the terms of a
Redemption Agreement dated August 29, 2013, or the Redemption Agreement, by and among the Company and its then-current sole stockholder, we completed the closing of a redemption of an aggregate 5,000,000 shares of our common stock, or the
Redemption, from our then-current sole stockholder in consideration of an aggregate of $60,000, plus professional costs related to the transaction, not to exceed $20,000. The 5,000,000 shares constituted all of the issued and outstanding shares of
our capital stock, on a fully-diluted basis, immediately prior to the Merger. A copy of the Redemption Agreement is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.17, and is incorporated herein by reference.

Upon completion of the Merger and the Redemption, the former stockholders of Intra-Cellular hold 100% of the outstanding shares of our
capital stock. Unless otherwise indicated in this Current Report on Form 8-K, or this report, all share and per share figures are after giving effect to the Merger. The share and per share numbers in the financial statements of Intra-Cellular filed
herewith as Exhibit 99.1 are not adjusted to give effect to the Merger.

2

As a condition to the Merger, we entered into an Indemnity Agreement with our former sole
officer and director, or the Indemnity Agreement, pursuant to which we agreed to indemnify such former officer and director for actions taken by him in his official capacities relating to the consideration, approval and consummation of the Merger
and certain related transactions. A copy of the Indemnity Agreement is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.18, and is incorporated herein by reference.

The Merger is being accounted for as a capital transaction. Upon the effectiveness of the Merger, the Company’s business became the operation of Intra-Cellular and its business. Immediately following
the Effective Time, our Board of Directors, or the Board, which immediately prior to the Effective Time consisted of Samir N. Masri as our sole director, appointed Sharon Mates, Ph.D., who was Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of
Intra-Cellular, as our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, to serve on the Board with Mr. Masri. At the Effective Time, Mr. Masri resigned from all of his positions as an officer of the Company. In addition, immediately
following the Effective Time, the Board appointed Lawrence J. Hineline, who was the Vice President of Finance, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of Intra-Cellular, as our Vice President of Finance, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary; Allen A.
Fienberg, Ph.D., who was the Vice President of Business Development of Intra-Cellular, as our Vice President of Business Development; Lawrence P. Wennogle, Ph.D., who was the Vice President, Drug Discovery of Intra-Cellular, as our Vice President,
Drug Discovery; and Kimberly E. Vanover, Ph.D., who was the Vice President, Clinical Development of Intra-Cellular, as our Vice President, Clinical Development. On September 9, 2013, which is the eleventh day following the date that we filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, and transmitted to our sole stockholder prior to the Merger, a Schedule 14f-1 reporting a change in the majority of our directors, or the New Board Effective Date, Christopher Alafi, Ph.D.,
Richard Lerner, M.D., Joel S. Marcus and Sir Michael Rawlins, M.D., FRCP, FMedSci, will be appointed to the Board to serve on the Board with Dr. Mates, and Mr. Masri will resign from the Board as of such date. Each of Dr. Mates,
Dr. Alafi, Dr. Lerner, Mr. Marcus, and Sir Michael were directors of Intra-Cellular immediately prior to the Merger.

Prior to the Merger, Intra-Cellular sold to accredited investors approximately $60.0 million of its shares of common stock, or 18,889,307 shares at a price of $3.1764 per share, which included $15.3
million in principal and $0.8 million in accrued interest from the conversion of Intra-Cellular’s then outstanding convertible promissory notes, or Notes. We refer to this transaction as the Private Placement and the number of shares stated in
this paragraph do not reflect the Exchange in the Merger. The price per share in the Private Placement, as adjusted for the Exchange in the Merger, would be $6.3528 per share of our post-Merger common stock. Also, Intra-Cellular granted the
investors in the Private Placement registration rights requiring Intra-Cellular or any successor to register those shares of

3

Intra-Cellular common stock (which were exchanged for shares of our common stock, along with the rest of the outstanding shares of Intra-Cellular capital stock, except for dissenting shares, at
the Effective Time) for public resale, as described in more detail below. The then existing stockholders of Intra-Cellular who agreed to become parties to the registration rights agreement also became entitled to such registration rights, subject to
specified differences in the agreement between the rights of new investors and existing stockholders. The existing Second Amended and Restated Investor Rights Agreement, by and among Intra-Cellular and the investors listed therein, dated as of
October 25, 2007, as amended, was terminated at the Effective Time. The Private Placement closed immediately prior to the filing of a Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, on August 29, 2013.

The Merger Agreement has been attached as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K to provide investors and security
holders with information regarding its terms. It is not intended to provide any other factual information about the Company or Intra-Cellular. The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Merger Agreement were made only for the
purposes of such agreement and as of specified dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to such agreement, and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties. The representations and warranties may have been made for
the purposes of allocating contractual risk between the parties to the agreement instead of establishing these matters as facts, and may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to the contracting parties that differ from those applicable
to investors. Investors are not third-party beneficiaries under the Merger Agreement and should not rely on the representations, warranties and covenants or any descriptions thereof as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of
the Company, Intra-Cellular or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates. In addition, the assertions embodied in the representations and warranties contained in the Merger Agreement are qualified by information in a confidential disclosure
schedule provided by Intra-Cellular, which is not being filed with this Current Report on Form 8-K as permitted by the SEC’s rules and regulations. Accordingly, investors should not rely on the representations and warranties as
characterizations of the actual state of facts, since (i) they were made only as of the date of such agreement or a prior, specified date, (ii) in some cases they are subject to qualifications with respect to materiality, knowledge and/or
other matters, and (iii) they may be modified in important part by the underlying disclosure schedule. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties may change after the date of the Merger Agreement,
which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in the Company’s public disclosures.

Intra-Cellular
announced the Private Placement and the Merger in a press release dated September 3, 2013, which has been attached as Exhibit 99.3 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

4

DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF INTRA-CELLULAR THERAPIES, INC.

Overview

We were
originally incorporated in the State of Delaware in August 2012 under the name “Oneida Resources Corp.” Oneida Resources Corp., or the Shell Company, was a “shell” company registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, or the Exchange Act, with no specific business plan or purpose until it began operating the business of Intra-Cellular through the Merger transaction on August 29, 2013. Intra-Cellular was incorporated in Delaware in May 2001 to focus
primarily on the development of novel drugs for the treatment of neuropsychiatric and neurologic diseases and other disorders of the central nervous system. Effective upon the Merger, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Shell Company merged with and
into Intra-Cellular, and Intra-Cellular continues as the operating subsidiary of the Shell Company. As used herein, the words the “Company,” “Intra-Cellular,” “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to the
current Delaware corporation operating the business of Intra-Cellular as a wholly-owned subsidiary, which business will continue as the business of the Shell Company.

We are a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and clinical development of innovative, small molecule drugs that address underserved medical needs in neuropsychiatric and neurological
disorders by targeting intracellular signaling mechanisms within the central nervous system, or CNS. Our lead product candidate, ITI-007, is in Phase 2 clinical trials as a first-in-class treatment for schizophrenia. Current medications available
for the treatment of schizophrenia do not adequately address the broad array of symptoms associated with this CNS disorder. Use of these current medications also is limited by their substantial side effects. ITI-007 is designed to be effective
across a wider range of symptoms, treating both the acute and residual phases of schizophrenia, with improved safety and tolerability.

At the lowest doses, ITI-007 acts primarily as a potent 5-HT2A serotonin receptor antagonist. As the dose is increased, additional benefits are derived from the engagement of additional drug targets
including modest dopamine receptor modulation and modest inhibition of serotonin transporters. We believe that combined interactions at these receptors may provide additional benefits above and beyond selective 5-HT2A antagonism for treating
agitation, aggression and sleep disturbances while avoiding many of the side effects associated with more robust dopamine receptor antagonism. As the dose of ITI-007 is further increased, leading to moderate dopamine receptor modulation, inhibition
of serotonin transporters, and indirect glutamate modulation, these actions complement the complete blockade of 5-HT2A serotonin receptors. In this dose range, we believe that ITI-007 will be useful in treating the symptoms associated with
schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, major depressive disorder and other neuropsychiatric diseases.

Given the potential utility
for ITI-007 and follow-on compounds to treat these additional indications, we may investigate, either on our own or with a partner, aggression/anxiety disorders, major depressive disorder, intermittent explosive disorder, non-motor symptoms and
motor complications associated with Parkinson’s disease, and post-traumatic stress disorder. We hold exclusive, worldwide commercialization rights to ITI-007 and a family of compounds from Bristol-Myers Squibb Company pursuant to an exclusive
license.

5

We have a second major program that has yielded a portfolio of compounds that selectively
inhibits the enzyme phosphodiesterase 1, or PDE1. PDE1 helps regulate brain activity related to cognition, memory processes and movement/coordination. We have licensed the lead compound in this portfolio, ITI-214, and other compounds in this
portfolio, to Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, or Takeda. ITI-214 is the first compound in its class to successfully advance into Phase 1 clinical trials and is being developed for the treatment of cognitive impairment associated with
schizophrenia, or CIAS, and other disorders. The results of our first Phase 1 clinical trial in 70 subjects in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study indicate that ITI-214 was safe and well-tolerated across a broad range of single oral
doses. Other compounds in the PDE1 portfolio outside the Takeda collaboration are being advanced for the treatment of other indications, including non-CNS therapeutic areas.

Our pipeline also includes pre-clinical programs that are focused on advancing drugs for the treatment of cognitive dysfunction, in both schizophrenia and Alzheimer’s disease, and for disease
modification and the treatment of neurodegenerative disorders, including Alzheimer’s disease.

We have assembled a
management team with significant industry experience to lead the discovery and development of our product candidates. We complement our management team with a group of scientific and clinical advisors that includes recognized experts in the fields
of schizophrenia and other central nervous system disorders, including Nobel Laureate, Dr. Paul Greengard, one of our co-founders.

Our corporate headquarters and laboratory are located at 3960 Broadway, New York, New York, and our telephone number is (212) 923-3344. We also have an office in Towson, Maryland. We maintain a
website at www.intracellulartherapies.com, to which we regularly post copies of our press releases as well as additional information about us. Our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, will be available free of charge through
the website as soon as reasonably practicable after being electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Information contained in our website does not constitute a part of this report or our other filings with the SEC.

All brand names or trademarks appearing in this report are the property of their respective holders. Use or display by us of other
parties’ trademarks, trade dress, or products in this report is not intended to, and does not, imply a relationship with, or endorsements or sponsorship of, us by the trademark or trade dress owners.

Our Strategy

Our goal
is to discover and develop novel small molecule therapeutics for the treatment of CNS diseases in order to improve the lives of people suffering from such illnesses. Using our key understanding of intracellular signaling, we seek to accomplish our
goal, using our in-house expert drug discovery and clinical development teams, in two ways:

•

we seek to have the capability to develop first-in-class medications with novel mechanisms that have the potential to treat CNS diseases for which
there are no previously marketed drugs; and

6

•

we seek to develop drugs that can differentiate themselves in competitive markets by addressing aspects of CNS disease which are either not treated by
currently marketed drugs or can be effective with fewer side effects.

The key elements of our strategy are
to:

•

complete the development of ITI-007 for its lead indication, treatment of acute symptoms in schizophrenia, and for additional neuropsychiatric
indications, such as bipolar disorder and residual symptoms in schizophrenia;

•

expand the commercial potential of ITI-007 by investigating its usefulness in neurological areas, such as behavioral disturbances in dementia,
including Alzheimer’s disease and autism spectrum disorder, and in additional neuropsychiatric indications, such as sleep disorders associated with neuropsychiatric and neurological disorders and major depressive disorder;

•

continue to develop with our collaboration partner, Takeda, PDE inhibitor compounds, such as ITI-214, for CNS indications such as CIAS; and

•

advance earlier stage product candidates in our pipeline.

Our Drug Discovery Platform and Capabilities

Based on
the pioneering efforts of Intra-Cellular co-founder and Nobel laureate, Dr. Paul Greengard, we have developed a detailed understanding of intracellular signaling pathways and intracellular targets. We have used that knowledge to develop several
state of the art technology platforms, including one called CNSProfileTM. This technology monitors the phosphoprotein changes elicited by major psychotropic drug classes and subclasses, and generates a unique molecular signature for drug compounds. By monitoring how the
levels of these phosphoproteins change in vivo, we identify intracellular signaling pathways through which several major drug classes operate. Along with what we believe to be state of the art drug discovery efforts, we have used, and may
continue to use, this information as a tool to validate our selection of preclinical candidate molecules.

During the years
ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, we incurred $15.5 million and $7.7 million in research and development expenses, respectively.

7

Disease and Market Overview

Our programs for small molecule therapeutics are designed to address various CNS diseases that we believe are underserved or unmet by currently available therapies and that represent large potential
commercial market opportunities for us. Background information on the CNS diseases and related commercial markets that may be addressed by our programs is set forth below.

Schizophrenia

Schizophrenia is a disabling and chronic mental
illness that is characterized by multiple symptoms during an acute phase of the disorder that can include so-called “positive” symptoms, such as hearing voices, grandiose beliefs and suspiciousness or paranoia. These symptoms can be
accompanied by additional, harder to treat symptoms, such as social withdrawal, blunted emotional response and speech deficits, collectively referred to as “negative” symptoms, difficulty concentrating and disorganized thoughts, or
cognitive impairment, depression and insomnia. Such symptoms often persist even after the acute positive symptoms subside, and contribute substantially to the social and employment disability associated with schizophrenia. Current antipsychotic
medications provide some relief for the symptoms associated with the acute phase of the disorder, but they do not effectively treat the residual phase symptoms associated with chronic schizophrenia. Moreover, currently available medications used to
treat acute schizophrenia are limited in their use due to side effects that can include movement disorders, weight gain, metabolic disturbances, and cardiovascular disorders.

According to the National Institute of Mental Health, over 1% of the world’s population suffers from schizophrenia, and more than 3 million Americans suffer from the illness in any given year.
Worldwide sales of antipsychotic drugs used to treat schizophrenia and other CNS related disorders exceeded $40 billion in 2012. These drugs have been increasingly used by physicians to address a range of disorders in addition to schizophrenia,
including bipolar disorder and a variety of psychoses and related conditions in elderly patients. Despite their commercial success, current antipsychotic drugs have substantial limitations, including inadequate efficacy and severe side effects.

The first-generation, or typical, antipsychotics that were introduced in the late-1950s block dopamine receptors. While
typical antipsychotics are effective against positive symptoms of schizophrenia in many patients, these drugs often induce disabling motor disturbances, and they fail to address or worsen most of the negative symptoms and cognitive disturbances
associated with schizophrenia.

Most schizophrenia patients in the United States are treated today with second-generation, or
atypical, antipsychotics, which induce fewer motor disturbances than typical antipsychotics, but still fail to address most of the negative symptoms of schizophrenia. In addition, currently prescribed treatments do not effectively address or may
exacerbate cognitive disturbances associated with schizophrenia. It is believed that the efficacy of atypical antipsychotics is due to their interactions with dopamine and 5-HT2A receptors. The side effects induced by the atypical agents may include
weight gain, non-insulin dependent (type II) diabetes, cardiovascular side effects, sleep disturbances, and motor disturbances. We believe that these side effects generally arise either from non-essential receptor interactions or from excessive
dopamine blockade.

8

The limitations of currently available antipsychotics result in poor patient compliance. A
landmark study funded by the National Institute of Mental Health, the Clinical Antipsychotic Trials of Intervention Effectiveness, also referred to as CATIE, which was published in The New England Journal of Medicine in September 2005, found that
74% of patients taking typical or atypical antipsychotics discontinued treatment within 18 months because of side effects or lack of efficacy. We believe there is a large underserved medical need for new therapies that have improved side effect and
efficacy profiles.

Bipolar Disorder

Bipolar disorder, commonly referred to as manic-depressive illness, is characterized by extreme shifts in mood. Individuals with bipolar disorder may experience intense feelings of over-excitement,
irritability, and impulsivity with grandiose beliefs and racing thoughts, referred to as a manic episode. Symptoms of depression may include feeling tired, hopeless and sad, with difficulty concentrating and thoughts of suicide. Some people
experience both types of symptoms in the same “mixed” episode. Severe symptoms of bipolar disorder can be associated with hallucinations or delusions, otherwise referred to as psychosis.

Bipolar disorder affects 4.4% of the adult United States population, or approximately 13 million adults, with a worldwide prevalence
of 2.4%. In 2012, therapeutics used to treat bipolar disorder had global sales of approximately $6 billion.

Bipolar disorder
is often treated with antipsychotic medications alone or in combination with mood stabilizers. The side effects and safety risks associated with antipsychotic drugs in patients with bipolar disorder are similar to those experienced by patients with
schizophrenia. Moreover, a large national research program conducted from 1998 to 2005 called the Systematic Treatment Enhancement Program for Bipolar Disorder, or STEP-BD, followed 4,360 patients with bipolar disorder long term and showed that
about half of patients who were treated for bipolar disorder still experienced lingering and recurrent symptoms, indicating a clear need for improved treatments.

Alzheimer’s Disease

Alzheimer’s disease is a progressive
neurodegenerative disorder that slowly destroys memory and thinking skills, and eventually even the ability to carry out simple tasks. Its symptoms include cognitive dysfunction, memory abnormalities, progressive impairment in activities of daily
living, and a host of behavioral and neuropsychiatric symptoms. Alzheimer’s disease primarily affects older people and, in most cases, symptoms first appear after age 60. Alzheimer’s disease gets worse over time and is fatal.

The market for Alzheimer’s disease therapeutics is categorized into two segments: acetylcholinesterase
inhibitors and NMDA receptor antagonists, which include Aricept®, Namenda®, Exelon® and Ebixa®.
Acetylcholinesterase inhibitors, which account for 40% of the total worldwide market, had total sales of $4.1 billion in 2011. In 2012, global sales of CNS therapeutics for dementia and Alzheimer’s disease reached $8 billion.

9

According to the Alzheimer’s Association, 5.2 million people in the United States are
living with Alzheimer’s disease, and it is currently the fifth leading cause of death for people age 65 and older. It has been estimated that 35.6 million people worldwide were living with dementia in 2010. This number is expected to
nearly double to 65.7 million by 2030 and to 115.4 million by 2050. While the diagnostic criteria for Alzheimer’s disease mostly focus on the related cognitive deficits, it is often the behavioral and psychiatric symptoms that are
most troublesome for caregivers and lead to poor quality of life for patients. These symptoms include agitation, aggressive behaviors, and psychosis. Studies have suggested that approximately 20% to 51% of Alzheimer’s disease patients may
develop psychosis, commonly consisting of hallucinations and delusions. The diagnosis of Alzheimer’s disease psychosis is associated with more rapid cognitive and functional decline and institutionalization.

The U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, has not approved any drug to treat the behavioral symptoms of Alzheimer’s disease. As
symptoms progress and become more severe, physicians often resort to off-label use of antipsychotic medications in these patients. Current antipsychotic drugs are associated with a number of side effects, which can be problematic for elderly
patients with Alzheimer’s disease. In addition, antipsychotic drugs may exacerbate the cognitive disturbances associated with Alzheimer’s disease. Current antipsychotic drugs also have a boxed warning for use in elderly patients with
dementia-related psychosis due to increased mortality and morbidity. There is a large unmet medical need for a safe and effective therapy to treat the behavioral symptoms in patients with Alzheimer’s disease.

Parkinson’s Disease

Parkinson’s disease is a chronic and progressive neurodegenerative disorder that involves malfunction and death of neurons in a region of the brain that controls movement. This neurodegeneration
creates a shortage of an important brain signaling chemical, or neurotransmitter, known as dopamine, thereby rendering patients unable to direct or control their movements in a normal manner. Parkinson’s disease is characterized by well-known
motor symptoms, including tremors, limb stiffness, slowness of movements, and difficulties with posture and balance, as well as by non-motor symptoms, which include sleep disturbances, mood disorders, cognitive impairment and psychosis.
Parkinson’s disease progresses slowly in most people and the severity of symptoms tends to worsen over time.

Parkinson’s disease is the second most common neurodegenerative disorder after Alzheimer’s disease. According to the National
Parkinson Foundation, about 1 million people in the United States and from approximately 4 to 6 million people worldwide suffer from this disease. Parkinson’s disease is more common in people over 60 years of age, and the prevalence
of this disease is expected to increase significantly as the average age of the population increases. Parkinson’s disease patients are commonly treated with dopamine replacement therapies, such as levodopa, commonly referred to as L-DOPA, which
is metabolized to dopamine, and dopamine agonists, which are molecules that mimic the action of dopamine. Sales of therapeutics such as L-DOPA and dopamine agonists used to treat the motor symptoms of the disease reached $2.5 billion in 2012.

10

Non-motor symptoms can be particularly distressing and even more troublesome to patients
with Parkinson’s disease than the primary motor disturbances. Non-motor symptoms substantially contribute to the burden of Parkinson’s disease and deeply affect the quality of life of patients and their caregivers. Non-motor symptoms of
Parkinson’s disease are associated with increased caregiver stress and burden, nursing home placement, and increased morbidity and mortality.

Treatment of non-motor symptoms associated with Parkinson’s disease poses a challenge to physicians. Current dopamine replacement drugs used to treat the motor symptoms of Parkinson’s disease do
not help, and sometimes worsen, the non-motor symptoms. No drugs are currently approved by the FDA for treating the broad non-motor symptoms associated with Parkinson’s disease, and this remains a large unmet medical need.

Depression

Major depressive disorder, or MDD, is a brain disorder that can be associated with symptoms of sadness, hopelessness, helplessness, feelings of guilt, irritability, loss of interest in formerly
pleasurable activities, cognitive impairment, disturbed sleep patterns, and suicide ideation or behavior. Different people may experience different symptoms, but everyone with major depression experiences symptoms that are severe enough to interfere
with everyday functioning, such as the ability to concentrate at work or school, social interactions, eating and sleeping. Sometimes the depressive episode can be so severe it is accompanied by psychosis (hallucinations and delusions). According to
the National Institute of Mental Health, approximately 3% of teenagers and approximately 7% of adults experience MDD each year. Worldwide sales of antidepressant drugs reached $11.9 billion in 2011. The antidepressant market is primarily composed of
selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors such as Lexapro® (marketed by Forest Laboratories and Lundbeck) and
selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors, or SNRIs, such as Cymbalta® (marketed by Eli Lilly).
Antipsychotics such as Seroquel® (marketed by Astrazeneca) and Abilify® (marketed jointly by Bristol Myers Squibb and Otsuka Pharmaceutical) are also used as adjunctive treatments with
antidepressant treatment. The National Institute of Mental Health-funded Sequenced Treatment Alternatives to Relieve Depression, or STAR*D, study showed that only one-third of treated patients experience complete remission of depressive symptoms.
Nearly two-thirds of patients were considered treatment-resistant.

11

Our Clinical Programs

Our pipeline includes two product candidates in clinical development and two product candidates in advanced pre-clinical testing. We believe that our product candidates offer innovative therapeutic
approaches and may provide significant advantages relative to current therapies. The following table summarizes our product candidates and programs:

ITI-007 (ITI-007 is the lead molecule in the ITI-007 program)

Our lead product candidate, ITI-007, possesses a mechanism of action targeting multiple brain systems and may allow a physician to fine
tune the drug’s action in the brain by simple dose adjustments. At the lowest doses, ITI-007 acts primarily as a potent 5-HT2A receptor antagonist, blocking the activity of this receptor with minimal interaction with dopamine receptors and
serotonin transporters. As the dose is increased, ITI-007 interacts more robustly with these targets, including dopamine receptors, serotonin transporters and indirect modulation of glutamate signaling. The combination of ITI-007’s high potency
blockade of 5-HT2A receptors, and the unique way in which ITI-007 interacts with the dopamine receptor, serotonin reuptake inhibition and enhancement of glutamate neurotransmission, may make it possible to select a clinical dose capable of treating
an array of symptoms associated with schizophrenia and other CNS disorders that is broader than that addressable by other antipsychotic drugs, yet without causing the side effects commonly experienced with use of such drugs. The differential
pharmacology of ITI-007 at different doses may allow physicians to customize dosing based on an individual patient’s symptoms.

We believe these features of ITI-007 may be able to improve the quality of life of patients with schizophrenia to allow them to more fully integrate into their families and their workplace.

12

In addition, ITI-007 can be used to treat disorders at either low-doses (e.g., sleep, aggression and agitation) or high-doses (e.g., acute exacerbated and residual schizophrenia,
bipolar disorders, and mood disorders).

ITI-007 for the treatment of exacerbated and residual schizophrenia

ITI-007 has completed multiple Phase 1 and 2 clinical trials, and has demonstrated clinical signals consistent with
reductions in psychosis, depression and insomnia. Reductions in psychosis are consistent with the potential to treat acute schizophrenia, whereas reductions in depression and insomnia are consistent with the potential to treat residual phase
schizophrenia. ITI-007 has been shown to be safe and well-tolerated across a wide range of doses in these studies. Further, at doses that have demonstrated clinical activity, ITI-007 has caused fewer adverse effects than those typically associated
with antipsychotic drug treatment. These adverse side effects are a major cause of patient noncompliance with current antipsychotic therapies. Based on the successful completion of these studies, ITI-007 has advanced in development and is currently
being studied in a randomized, placebo and active controlled Phase 2 clinical trial for the treatment of acute exacerbated schizophrenia at multiple sites in the United States. We anticipate the results of this study will be available in the fourth
quarter of 2013. Additional clinical trials are planned to explore ITI-007’s unique mechanism of action for addressing residual phase schizophrenia. We believe that ITI-007’s pharmacological profile may expand its therapeutic use beyond
the treatment of acutely exacerbated schizophrenia to also include chronic residual schizophrenia by improving negative symptoms, mood, sleep and cognition.

ITI-007 for the treatment of bipolar disorder

The pharmacological profile
of ITI-007 offers the potential to treat bipolar mania, depression, and mixed symptoms at doses similar to those targeted for the treatment of schizophrenia. We believe that ITI-007 may be effective alone or in combination with mood stabilizers.
Given that many patients with bipolar disorder also experience disturbed sleep and cognitive impairment similar to that observed in schizophrenia, we believe that ITI-007 may treat a wide array of symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder,
including improvement of cognition and sleep. Phase 3 clinical trials to address the therapeutic utility of ITI-007 in bipolar disorder are planned to be conducted in parallel with the ITI-007 Phase 3 program for schizophrenia.

ITI-007 for the treatment of sleep deficits associated with neurologic and psychiatric disorders

In a Phase 2 clinical trial at low doses, ITI-007 improved sleep maintenance in patients with primary insomnia. This compound does not
induce sleep, but rather helps maintain sleep once sleep has been initiated. In addition, ITI-007 is not associated with next day cognitive impairment, or “hang-over,” effects. We believe that ITI-007 may be particularly useful in the
treatment of sleep disorders that accompany neuropsychiatric and neurologic disorders, including schizophrenia, autism spectrum disorder, Parkinson’s disease and dementia. Previous work has suggested that selective 5-HT2A receptor antagonists
increase deep, slow wave sleep in both humans and animals. We believe, however, that other neuropharmacological mechanisms, in addition to 5-HT2A receptor antagonism, such as engaging some dopamine modulation, may be

13

beneficial for a successful treatment of sleep maintenance insomnia in humans. ITI-007 represents a new approach to the treatment of sleep maintenance insomnia because of its unique pharmacology
and neuropharmacological interactions beyond selective 5-HT2A receptor antagonism. ITI-007 offers a potentially new approach to the treatment of sleep maintenance disorders, particularly in those disorders that accompany neuropsychiatric and
neurologic disorders. Many of these disorders are accompanied by profound sleep deficits, which impair day-time functioning including cognition, exacerbate disease symptoms and increase cost of care.

ITI-007 for the treatment of behavioral disturbances associated with dementia, including Alzheimer’s Disease

Behavioral disturbances are common in dementia and Alzheimer’s disease, and are a major component of the burden to caregivers, and
often lead to institutionalization. Although currently available treatments for patients with dementia mainly address cognitive disturbances, behavioral disturbances are considerably more problematic and likely more amenable to drug treatment.
Several behavioral symptoms are quite prevalent in patients with dementia, including patients with Alzheimer’s disease. Rates of depression in Alzheimer’s disease are estimated to be up to 87%, although most estimates are between 30% and
50%. Agitation and aggression are present in approximately 60% of patients. Sleep disturbances, particularly as an increased likelihood of day-night reversal, are present in up to approximately 60% of patients. In view of the potential multiple
beneficial effects of ITI-007 on aggression, agitation, sleep disorders and depression, and the lack of undesirable side effects, we believe that ITI-007 may provide a novel therapy for treating the behavioral disturbances accompanying dementia,
including Alzheimer’s disease.

Overall, we believe ITI-007 represents a novel approach to treating neuropsychiatric and
neurological disorders, having different beneficial effects at different doses, and an excellent tolerability profile.

ITI-002 (PDE1
Inhibitors)

Our ITI-002 portfolio of compounds modulate CNS pathways that are critical to controlling cognition and
motor behavior through the inhibition of an important intracellular enzyme, phosphodiesterase 1, or PDE1. In March 2011, we entered into a license and collaboration agreement with Takeda to develop and commercialize selected PDE1 inhibitors in our
ITI-002 program for the treatment of CIAS. Cognitive deficits are believed to underlie much of the significant functional impairments observed in patients with schizophrenia. One of these portfolio compounds, ITI-214, has advanced into Phase 1
clinical trials. The results of the initial Phase 1 study in 70 subjects in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study indicated that ITI-214 was safe and well-tolerated across a broad range of single oral doses. Moreover, ITI-214
demonstrates a favorable pharmacokinetic profile consistent with once-a-day dosing. This study represents a significant milestone as the first use of a potent and highly specific PDE1 inhibitor in humans. We have worked closely with Takeda over the
last two years to advance ITI-214 into clinical development and to optimize select backup/follow-on compounds for treating various other CNS diseases, including Parkinson’s disease and attention deficit disorders. Inhibition of PDE1 may also be
beneficial in a number of therapeutic indications

14

outside of CNS diseases, such as pulmonary arterial hypertension, heart failure, muscular dystrophy and inflammatory disease. Additional ITI-002 PDE1 inhibitor compounds outside the scope of the
Takeda collaboration are being pursued for the treatment of cardiovascular and other disorders. With its scientific strength in the PDE1 field, Intra-Cellular is exploring the potential utility of PDE1 inhibitors across a broad array of therapeutic
indications.

Additional PDE Inhibitors

There are multiple forms and isoforms of PDE with distinct roles in intracellular signaling. We have developed strong internal expertise in the design and synthesis of inhibitors specific for
individual PDE isoforms. Based on our understanding of the expression and functions of these isoforms in the CNS, we have identified PDE2 and PDE9 as compelling targets for drug discovery. We believe that inhibitors of these PDEs may be useful
in treating neurodegeneration and bioenergetic failure in a variety of CNS diseases.

ITI-012 (Casein Kinase 1 Inhibitors) and ITI-009
(GSAP Inhibitors)

We are pursuing early stage drug development programs targeting two different pathways thought to be
involved in the pathogenesis of Alzheimer’s disease. The first program targets the enzyme casein kinase 1, the misregulation of which in Alzheimer’s disease may provoke misfolding of a neuronal protein, tau, which has been linked to
cellular loss in the brains of patients with Alzheimer’s disease. Our CK1 inhibitors are currently undergoing optimization before being advanced into preclinical development. We have a second program targeting the protein Gamma Secretase
Activating Protein, or GSAP. We have demonstrated in preclinical models that inhibiting GSAP lowers the level of a toxic protein located in the brain called Abeta. Scientists in the field of dementia and Alzheimer’s disease believe that
inhibiting the accumulation of Abeta may slow the onset of Alzheimer’s disease. The discovery of GSAP was made by Intra-Cellular in collaboration with Dr. Paul Greengard, Nobel Laureate and Intra-Cellular co-founder. The preclinical
characterization of this class of molecules is ongoing. We believe that these compounds have the potential to provide novel, disease-modifying treatments for Alzheimer’s disease and related disorders.

Intellectual Property

Our Patent
Portfolio

We own or control over 60 patent families filed in the United States and other major markets worldwide,
including approximately 27 issued U.S. patents, 45 pending U.S. patent applications, 40 issued foreign patents, and 326 foreign patent applications, directed to novel compounds, formulations, methods of treatment, synthetic methods, and platform
technologies.

Our ITI-007 program on novel compounds for neuropsychiatric and neurodegenerative diseases includes patents
exclusively in-licensed from Bristol Myers Squibb on families of compounds, including the ITI-007 lead molecule. We have extensively characterized this lead and filed additional patent applications on polymorphs, formulations, additional
indications, derivatives and additional compounds. The ITI-007 lead molecule has composition of matter protection through 2025 and additional Orange Book-listable protection to 2034. Additionally,

15

we expect to have data exclusivity in the European Union for up to 11 years from launch. We also have a follow-on program, directed to compounds structurally related to the ITI-007 lead, but
having composition of matter protection beyond 2031.

Our program on PDE1 inhibitors for cognition and dopamine-mediated
disorders, such as Parkinson’s disease, includes patent protection for the lead, ITI-214, as well as a wide range of filings on other proprietary compounds and indications. Certain PDE1 inhibitors are being developed under a joint
development agreement with Takeda, under which we received an upfront cash payment and are eligible to receive payments for development and sales, as well as royalty payments. We also have an option to co-promote with Takeda in the U.S., and we
retain certain rights to PDE1 inhibitor compounds and uses outside the scope of that collaboration. The ITI-214 lead molecule has composition of matter protection to 2029, with possible extensions and additional Orange Book-listable protection to
2034. Additionally, we expect to have data exclusivity in the European Union for up to 11 years from commercial launch. We are also evaluating potential follow-on compounds for ITI-214 which would have patent protection beyond 2030.

We have also filed patent applications on novel proprietary targets and lead compounds for Alzheimer’s disease, which would provide
compound protection beyond 2028 or beyond 2034, depending on which compound is ultimately selected for development.

License Agreement

The Bristol-Myers Squibb License Agreement

On May 31, 2005 we entered into a world-wide, exclusive License Agreement with Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, or BMS, pursuant to which we hold a license to certain patents and know-how of BMS
relating to ITI-007 and other specified compounds. The agreement was amended on November 3, 2010. The licensed rights are exclusive, except BMS retains rights in specified compounds in the fields of obesity, diabetes, metabolic syndrome and
cardiovascular disease. However, BMS has no right to use, develop or commercialize ITI-007 and other specified compounds in any field of use. We have the right to grant sublicenses of the rights conveyed by BMS. We are obliged under the license to
use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize the licensed technology. We are also prohibited from engaging in the clinical development or commercialization of specified competitive compounds.

Under the agreement, we made an upfront payment to BMS, and we may be obliged to make milestone payments for each licensed product. We
are also obliged to make royalty payments on sales of licensed products. We are obliged to pay to BMS a percentage of non-royalty payments made in consideration of any sublicense.

The agreement extends, and royalties are payable, on a country-by-country and product-by-product basis, through the later of ten years
after first commercial sale of a licensed product in such country, expiration of the last licensed patent covering a licensed product, its method of manufacture or use, or the expiration of other government grants providing market exclusivity,
subject to certain rights of the parties to terminate the agreement on the occurrence of certain events. On termination of the agreement, we may be obliged to convey to BMS rights in developments relating to a licensed compound or licensed product,
including regulatory filings, research results and other intellectual property rights.

16

Collaboration Agreement

The Takeda Pharmaceutical License and Collaboration Agreement

On
February 25, 2011, we entered into a license and collaboration agreement with Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited under which we agreed to collaborate to research, develop and commercialize our proprietary compound ITI-214 and other selected
compounds that selectively inhibit PDE1 for use in the prevention and treatment of human diseases. As part of the agreement, we assigned to Takeda certain patents owned by us that claim ITI-214 and granted Takeda an exclusive license to develop and
commercialize compounds identified in the conduct of the research program that satisfy specified criteria. However, we have retained rights to all compounds that do not meet the specified criteria and we continue to develop PDE1 inhibitors outside
the scope of the agreement.

Under the terms of the agreement, we are conducting a research program with an initial term of
three years to identify and characterize compounds that meet certain specified criteria sufficient for further development by Takeda. We are responsible for our expenses incurred in the conduct of certain research activities specified in the
research plan. Takeda has agreed to reimburse us for expenses we incur in conducting additional research activities.

Takeda
is obliged to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize licensed compounds at its expense, and has agreed to reimburse us for the costs and expenses of development activities we may perform. We have formed a joint steering
committee with Takeda to coordinate and oversee activities on which we collaborate under the agreement. We have the option to co-promote any licensed product in the United States by assuming responsibility for a certain percentage of the detailing
activity with respect to that product.

We are responsible for supplying Takeda with ITI-214 for nonclinical activities and
phase 1 clinical trials at our expense. Takeda is responsible, at its expense, for the manufacture and supply of compounds that it develops and commercializes under the agreement for all other activities.

Upon execution of the agreement, Takeda made a nonrefundable payment to us. We are eligible to receive payments of approximately
$500,000,000 in the aggregate upon achievement of certain development milestones and up to an additional $250,000,000 in the aggregate upon achievement of certain sales-based milestones, along with tiered royalty payments based on net sales by
Takeda.

The agreement extends, on a country-by-country and product-by-product basis, through the later of expiration of the
last licensed patent covering a licensed product, its method of manufacture or use, the expiration of other government grants providing market exclusivity or ten years after first commercial sale of a licensed product in such country, subject to
rights of the parties to sooner terminate the agreement on certain events and the right of Takeda to unilaterally terminate the agreement upon a specified number of days’ prior notice. Upon the termination of

17

the agreement, Takeda is obliged to assign to us the patents covering ITI-214 assigned to Takeda upon the execution of the agreement, to grant us a license to develop and commercialize licensed
compounds developed by Takeda and to transfer to us certain materials, information and regulatory materials reasonably necessary for us to continue the development and commercialization of those compounds.

Manufacturing

We do not
own or operate manufacturing facilities for the production of any of our product candidates, nor do we have plans to develop our own manufacturing operations in the foreseeable future. We currently rely on one third-party contract manufacturer for
all of our required raw materials, active pharmaceutical ingredient, or API, and finished product for our preclinical research and clinical trials, including the Phase 2 trial for ITI-007 for the treatment of schizophrenia. We believe that we would
be able to contract with another third-party contract manufacturer to obtain API if our existing source of API was no longer available, but there is no assurance that API would be available from another third-party manufacturer on acceptable terms,
on the timeframe that our business would require, or at all. We do not have long-term agreements with our existing third-party contract manufacturer. We also do not have any current contractual relationships for the manufacture of commercial
supplies of any of our product candidates if they are approved. As ITI-007 and any of our other product candidates continue to progress towards potential regulatory approval, we intend to enter into agreements with a third-party contract
manufacturer and one or more back-up manufacturers for the commercial production of those products. Development and commercial quantities of any products that we develop will need to be manufactured in facilities, and by processes, that comply with
the requirements of the FDA and the regulatory agencies of other jurisdictions in which we are seeking approval. We currently employ internal resources to manage our manufacturing contractors.

Sales and Marketing

We
currently have no marketing, sales or distribution capabilities. In order to commercialize any of our product candidates, we must develop these capabilities internally or through collaboration with third parties. In selected therapeutic areas where
we feel that our product candidates can be commercialized by a specialty sales force that calls on a limited and focused group of physicians, we may plan to participate in the commercialization of our product candidates in the United States. In
therapeutic areas that require a large sales force selling to a large and diverse prescribing population, we may elect to commercialize through, or in collaboration with, strategic partners. We may choose to commercialize our products in markets
outside of the United States by establishing one or more strategic alliances in the future.

Competition

We face, and will continue to face, intense competition from pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, as well as numerous academic and
research institutions and governmental agencies, both in the United States and abroad. We compete, or will compete, with existing and new products being developed by our competitors. Some of these competitors are pursuing the development of
pharmaceuticals that target the same diseases and conditions that our research and development programs target.

18

Even if we are successful in developing our product candidates, the
resulting products would compete with a variety of established drugs in the areas of our targeted CNS therapeutic indications. Our potential products for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder would compete with, among other branded
products, Abilify®, marketed jointly by Bristol-Myers Squibb and Otsuka Pharmaceutical; Fanapt®, marketed by Novartis Pharmaceuticals; Seroquel XR®, marketed by AstraZeneca;
Invega®, marketed by Janssen; and Latuda®, marketed by Sunovion. In addition, our product candidates, if approved, will compete with, among other generic antipsychotic products, haloperidol, risperidone,
quetiapine, olanzapine and clozapine.

In addition, the companies described above and other competitors may have a variety of
drugs in development or awaiting FDA approval that could reach the market and become established before we have a product to sell. Our competitors may also develop alternative therapies that could further limit the market for any drugs that we may
develop. Many of our competitors are using technologies or methods different or similar to ours to identify and validate drug targets and to discover novel small molecule drugs. Many of our competitors and their collaborators have significantly
greater experience than we do in the following:

•

identifying and validating targets;

•

screening compounds against targets;

•

preclinical and clinical trials of potential pharmaceutical products; and

•

obtaining FDA and other regulatory clearances.

In addition, many of our competitors and their collaborators have substantially greater advantages in the following areas:

•

capital resources;

•

research and development resources;

•

manufacturing capabilities; and

•

sales and marketing.

Smaller companies also may prove to be significant competitors, particularly through proprietary research discoveries and collaborative arrangements with large pharmaceutical and established biotechnology
companies. Many of our competitors have products that have been approved by the FDA or are in advanced development. We face competition from other companies, academic institutions, governmental agencies and other public and private research
organizations for collaborative arrangements with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, in recruiting and retaining highly qualified scientific and management personnel and for licenses to additional technologies. Our competitors, either alone
or with their collaborators, may succeed in developing technologies or drugs that are more effective, safer, and more affordable or more easily administered than ours and may achieve patent protection or commercialize drugs sooner than us.
Developments by others may render our product candidates or our technologies obsolete. Our failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business.

19

Government Regulation

United States—FDA Process

The research, development, testing,
manufacture, labeling, promotion, advertising, import and export, distribution and marketing, among other things, of drug products are extensively regulated by governmental authorities in the United States and other countries. In the United States,
the FDA regulates drugs under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or the FDCA, and its implementing regulations. Failure to comply with the applicable U.S. requirements may subject us to administrative or judicial sanctions, such as FDA
refusal to approve pending New Drug Applications, or NDAs, warning letters, fines, civil penalties, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions and/or criminal prosecution.

Drug Approval Process. None of our drug product candidates may be marketed in the United States until the drug has received FDA
approval. Such approval can take many years to obtain and may be rejected by the FDA at a number of steps. The steps required before a drug may be marketed in the United States generally include the following:

•

completion of extensive pre-clinical laboratory tests, animal studies, and formulation studies in accordance with the FDA’s Good Laboratory
Practice, or GLP, regulations;

•

submission to the FDA of an Investigational New Drug, or IND, for human clinical testing, which must become effective before human clinical trials may
begin;

•

performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials to establish the safety and efficacy of the drug for each proposed indication;

•

submission to the FDA of an NDA after completion of all clinical trials;

•

satisfactory completion of an FDA pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities at which the active pharmaceutical ingredient, or
API, and finished drug product are produced and tested to assess compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practices, or cGMPs;

•

satisfactory completion of FDA inspections of clinical trial sites to assure that data supporting the safety and effectiveness of product candidates
has been generated in compliance with Good Clinical Practices; and

•

FDA review and approval of the NDA prior to any commercial marketing or sale of the drug in the United States.

The development and approval process requires substantial time, effort and financial resources, and we cannot be certain that any
approvals for our product candidates will be granted on a timely basis, if at all.

20

Pre-clinical tests include laboratory evaluation of product chemistry, toxicity and
formulation, as well as animal studies. The conduct of the pre-clinical tests and formulation of the compounds for testing must comply with federal regulations and requirements. The results of the pre-clinical tests, together with manufacturing
information and analytical data, are submitted to the FDA as part of an IND, which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin. An IND will automatically become effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless before that time the
FDA raises concerns or questions about the conduct of the trial, such as whether human research subjects will be exposed to an unreasonable health risk. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding FDA concerns or
questions before clinical trials can proceed. We cannot be sure that submission of an IND will result in the FDA allowing clinical trials to begin.

Clinical trials involve administration of the investigational drug to human subjects under the supervision of qualified investigators. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing the
objectives of the study, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. Each protocol must be provided to the FDA as part of a separate submission to the IND. Further, an Institutional Review Board, or
IRB, for each medical center proposing to conduct the clinical trial must review and approve the study protocol and informed consent information for study subjects for any clinical trial before it commences at that center, and the IRB must monitor
the study until it is completed. There are also requirements governing reporting of on-going clinical trials and clinical trial results to public registries. Study subjects must sign an informed consent form before participating in a clinical trial.

Clinical trials necessary for product approval typically are conducted in three sequential phases, but the phases may
overlap.

•

Phase 1 usually involves the initial introduction of the investigational drug into a limited population, typically healthy humans, to evaluate its
short-term safety, dosage tolerance, metabolism, pharmacokinetics and pharmacologic actions, and, if possible, to gain an early indication of its effectiveness.

•

Phase 2 usually involves trials in a limited patient population to (i) evaluate dosage tolerance and appropriate dosage; (ii) identify
possible adverse effects and safety risks; and (iii) evaluate preliminarily the efficacy of the drug for specific targeted indications. Multiple Phase 2 clinical trials may be conducted by the sponsor to obtain information prior to beginning
larger and more expensive Phase 3 clinical trials.

•

Phase 3 trials, commonly referred to as pivotal studies, are undertaken in an expanded patient population at multiple, geographically dispersed
clinical trial centers to further evaluate clinical efficacy and test further for safety by using the drug in its final form. There can be no assurance that Phase 1, Phase 2 or Phase 3 testing will be completed successfully within any specified
period of time, if at all. Furthermore, we, the FDA or an IRB may suspend clinical trials at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the subjects or patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Moreover, the FDA may
approve an NDA for a product candidate, but require that the sponsor conduct additional clinical trials to further assess the drug after NDA approval under a post-approval commitment. Post-approval trials are typically referred to as Phase 4
clinical trials.

21

During the development of a new drug, sponsors are given an opportunity to meet with the FDA
at certain points. These points may be prior to submission of an IND, at the end of Phase 2, and before an NDA is submitted. Meetings at other times may be requested. These meetings can provide an opportunity for the sponsor to share information
about the data gathered to date, for the FDA to provide advice, and for the sponsor and the FDA to reach an agreement on the next phase of development. Sponsors typically use the end of Phase 2 meeting to discuss their Phase 2 clinical results and
present their plans for the pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial that they believe will support approval of the new drug. A sponsor may request a Special Protocol Assessment, or SPA, to reach an agreement with the FDA that the protocol design, clinical
endpoints, and statistical analyses are acceptable to support regulatory approval of the product candidate with respect to effectiveness in the indication studied. If such an agreement is reached, it will be documented and made part of the
administrative record, and it will be binding on the FDA except in limited circumstances, such as if the FDA identifies a substantial scientific issue essential to determining the safety or effectiveness of the product after clinical studies begin,
or if the sponsor fails to follow the protocol that was agreed upon with the FDA. There is no guarantee that a study will ultimately be adequate to support an approval even if the study is subject to an SPA.

Concurrent with clinical trials, companies usually complete additional animal safety studies and must also develop additional information
about the chemistry and physical characteristics of the drug and finalize a process for manufacturing the product in accordance with cGMP requirements. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the drug
candidate and the manufacturer must develop methods for testing the quality, purity and potency of the final drugs. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the drug
candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life.

Assuming successful completion of the required
clinical testing, the results of pre-clinical studies and of clinical studies, together with other detailed information, including information on the manufacture and composition of the drug, are submitted to the FDA in the form of an NDA requesting
approval to market the product for one or more indications. An NDA must be accompanied by a significant user fee, which is waived for the first NDA submitted by a qualifying small business. In July 2012, the Food and Drug Administration Safety and
Innovation Act, or FDASIA, was signed into law. Among other things, FDASIA reauthorizes the FDA’s authority to collect user fees from industry participants to fund reviews of innovator drugs.

The testing and approval process requires substantial time, effort and financial resources. The FDA will review the NDA and may deem it
to be inadequate to support approval, and we cannot be sure that any approval will be granted on a timely basis, if at all. The FDA may also refer the application to the appropriate advisory committee, typically a panel of clinicians, for review,
evaluation and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of the advisory committee, but it typically follows such recommendations.

22

Before approving an NDA, the FDA inspects the facility or the facilities at which the drug
and/or its active pharmaceutical ingredient is manufactured and will not approve the product unless the manufacturing is in compliance with cGMPs. If the FDA evaluates the NDA and the manufacturing facilities are deemed acceptable, the FDA may issue
an approval letter, or in some cases a Complete Response Letter. The approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the drug for specific indications. As a condition of NDA approval, the FDA may require post-marketing testing and surveillance to
monitor the drug’s safety or efficacy, or impose other conditions. A Complete Response Letter indicates that the review cycle of the application is complete and the application is not ready for approval. A Complete Response Letter may require
additional clinical data and/or additional clinical trial(s), and/or other significant, expensive and time-consuming requirements related to clinical trials, pre-clinical studies or manufacturing. Even if such additional information is submitted,
the FDA may ultimately decide that the NDA does not satisfy the criteria for approval. Data from clinical trials is not always conclusive and the FDA may interpret data differently than we or our collaborators interpret data. Alternatively, the FDA
could also approve the NDA with a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy to mitigate risks of the drug, which could include medication guides, physician communication plans, or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods,
patient registries or other risk minimization tools. Once the FDA approves a drug, the FDA may withdraw product approval if on-going regulatory requirements are not met or if safety problems occur after the product reaches the market. In addition,
the FDA may require testing, including Phase 4 clinical trials, and surveillance programs to monitor the safety effects of approved products that have been commercialized, and the FDA has the power to prevent or limit further marketing of a product
based on the results of these post-marketing programs or other information.

Post-Approval Requirements. After a drug
has been approved by the FDA for sale, the FDA may require that certain post-approval requirements be satisfied, including the conduct of additional clinical studies. In addition, certain changes to an approved product, such as adding new
indications, making certain manufacturing changes, or making certain additional labeling claims, are subject to further FDA review and approval. Before a company can market products for additional indications, it must obtain additional approvals
from the FDA, typically a new NDA. Obtaining approval for a new indication generally requires that additional clinical studies be conducted. A company cannot be sure that any additional approval for new indications for any product candidate will be
approved on a timely basis, or at all.

If post-approval conditions are not satisfied, the FDA may withdraw its approval of
the drug. In addition, holders of an approved NDA are required to (i) report certain adverse reactions to the FDA and maintain pharmacovigilance programs to proactively look for these adverse events; (ii) comply with certain requirements
concerning advertising and promotional labeling for their products; and (iii) continue to have quality control and manufacturing procedures conform to cGMPs after approval. The FDA periodically inspects the sponsor’s records related to
safety reporting and/or manufacturing facilities, which includes assessment of on-going compliance with cGMPs. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain cGMP
compliance. We intend to

23

use third-party manufacturers to produce our products in clinical and commercial quantities, and future FDA inspections may identify compliance issues at the facilities of our contract
manufacturers that may disrupt production or distribution, or require substantial resources to correct. In addition, discovery of problems with a product after approval may result in restrictions on a product, manufacturer or holder of an approved
NDA, including recall of the product from the market or withdrawal of approval of the NDA for that drug.

Patent Term
Restoration and Marketing Exclusivity. Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of FDA approval of the use of our drugs, some of our U.S. patents may be eligible for limited patent term extension under the Drug Price Competition and
Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, referred to as the Hatch-Waxman Amendments. The Hatch-Waxman Amendments permit a patent restoration term of up to five years as compensation for patent term lost during product development and the FDA regulatory
review process. However, patent term restoration cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the product’s approval date. The patent term restoration period is generally one-half the time between the effective
date of an IND and the submission date of an NDA, plus the time between the submission date of an NDA and the approval of that application. Only one patent applicable to an approved drug is eligible for the extension and the extension must be
requested prior to expiration of the patent. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, in consultation with the FDA, reviews and approves the application for any patent term extension or restoration. In the future, we intend to apply for
restorations of patent term for some of our currently owned or licensed patents to add patent life beyond their current expiration date, depending on the expected length of clinical trials and other factors involved in the submission of the relevant
NDA.

Data and market exclusivity provisions under the FDCA also can delay the submission or the approval of certain
applications. The FDCA provides a five-year period of non-patent data exclusivity within the United States to the first applicant to gain approval of an NDA for a new chemical entity. A drug is a new chemical entity if the FDA has not previously
approved any other new drug containing the same active moiety, which is the molecule or ion responsible for the action of the drug substance. During the exclusivity period, the FDA may not accept for review an abbreviated new drug application, or
ANDA, or a 505(b)(2) NDA submitted by another company for another version of such drug where the applicant does not own or have a legal right of reference to all the data required for approval. However, an application may be submitted after four
years if it contains a certification of patent invalidity or non-infringement. The FDCA also provides three years of marketing exclusivity for an NDA, 505(b)(2) NDA or supplement to an existing NDA if new clinical investigations, other than
bioavailability studies, conducted or sponsored by the applicant are deemed by the FDA to be essential to the approval of the application, for example, for new indications, dosages or strengths of an existing drug. This three-year exclusivity covers
only the conditions associated with the new clinical investigations and does not prohibit the FDA from approving ANDAs or 505(b)(2) NDAs for drugs containing the original active agent. Five-year and three-year exclusivity will not delay the
submission or approval of a full NDA; however, an applicant submitting a full NDA would be required to conduct, or obtain a right of reference to all of the pre-clinical studies, adequate and well-controlled clinical trials necessary to demonstrate
safety and effectiveness.

24

Foreign Regulation

In addition to regulations in the United States, we will be subject to a variety of foreign regulations governing clinical trials and commercial sales and distribution of our products. Whether or not we
obtain FDA approval for a product, we must obtain approval by the comparable regulatory authorities of foreign countries before we can commence clinical trials and approval of foreign countries or economic areas, such as the European Union, before
we may market products in those countries or areas. The approval process and requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary greatly from place to place, and the time may be longer or shorter
than that required for FDA approval.

In the European Economic Area, or EEA, which is comprised of the 27 member states of the
European Union, or Member States, plus Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein, medicinal products can only be commercialized after obtaining a Marketing Authorization, or MA. There are two types of MAs:

•

Community MAs – These are issued by the European Commission through the Centralized Procedure, based on the opinion of the Committee for Medicinal
Products for Human Use, or CHMP, of the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, and are valid throughout the entire territory of the EEA. The Centralized Procedure is mandatory for certain types of products, such as biotechnology medicinal products,
orphan medicinal products, and medicinal products indicated for the treatment of AIDS, cancer, neurodegenerative disorders, diabetes, auto-immune and viral diseases. The Centralized Procedure is optional for products containing a new active
substance not yet authorized in the EEA; for products that constitute a significant therapeutic, scientific or technical innovation; or for products that are in the interest of public health in the European Union.

•

National MAs – These are issued by the competent authorities of the Member States of the EEA and only cover their respective territory, and are
available for products not falling within the mandatory scope of the Centralized Procedure. Where a product has already been authorized for marketing in a Member State of the EEA, this National MA can be recognized in another Member State through
the Mutual Recognition Procedure. If the product has not received a National MA in any Member State at the time of application, it can be approved simultaneously in various Member States through the Decentralized Procedure. Under the Decentralized
Procedure, an identical dossier is submitted to the competent authorities of each of the Member States in which the MA is sought, one of which is selected by the applicant as the Reference Member State. The competent authority of the Reference
Member State prepares a draft assessment report, a draft summary of the product characteristics, or SPC, and a draft of the labeling and package leaflet, which are sent to the other Member States (referred to as the Member States Concerned) for
their approval. If the Member States Concerned raise no objections, based on a potential serious risk to public health, to the assessment, SPC, labeling or packaging proposed by the Reference Member State, the product is subsequently granted a
National MA in all the Member States (i.e., in the Reference Member State and the Member States Concerned).

25

Under the above described procedures, before granting the MA, the EMA or the competent
authorities of the Member States of the EEA assess the risk-benefit balance of the product on the basis of scientific criteria concerning its quality, safety and efficacy.

As in the United States, it may be possible in foreign countries to obtain a period of market and/or data exclusivity that would have the effect of postponing the entry into the marketplace of a
competitor’s generic product. For example, if any of our products receive marketing approval in the EEA, we expect they will benefit from eight years of data exclusivity and ten years of marketing exclusivity. An additional non-cumulative
one-year period of marketing exclusivity is possible if during the data exclusivity period (the first eight years of the 10-year marketing exclusivity period), we obtain an authorization for one or more new therapeutic indications that are deemed to
bring a significant clinical benefit compared to existing therapies. The data exclusivity period begins on the date of the product’s first marketing authorization in the European Union and prevents generics from relying on the marketing
authorization holder’s pharmacological, toxicological and clinical data for a period of eight years. After eight years, a generic product application may be submitted and generic companies may rely on the marketing authorization holder’s
data. However, a generic cannot launch until two years later (or a total of 10 years after the first marketing authorization in the European Union of the innovator product), or three years later (or a total of 11 years after the first marketing
authorization in the European Union of the innovator product) if the marketing authorization holder obtains marketing authorization for a new indication with significant clinical benefit within the eight-year data exclusivity period. In Japan, our
products may be eligible for eight years of data exclusivity. There can be no assurance that we will qualify for such regulatory exclusivity, or that such exclusivity will prevent competitors from seeking approval solely on the basis of their own
studies.

When conducting clinical trials in the European Union, we must adhere to the provisions of the European Union
Clinical Trials Directive and the laws and regulations of the European Union Member States implementing them. These provisions require, among other things, that the prior authorization of an Ethics Committee and the competent Member State authority
is obtained before commencing the clinical trial.

26

Pricing and Reimbursement

In the United States and internationally, sales of products that we market in the future, and our ability to generate revenues on such
sales, are dependent, in significant part, on the availability of adequate coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors, such as state and federal governments, managed care providers and private insurance plans. Private insurers, such as
health maintenance organizations and managed care providers, have implemented cost-cutting and reimbursement initiatives and likely will continue to do so in the future. These include establishing formularies that govern the drugs and biologics that
will be offered and the out-of-pocket obligations of member patients for such products. We may need to conduct pharmacoeconomic studies to demonstrate the cost-effectiveness of our products for formulary coverage and reimbursement. Even with such
studies, our products may be considered less safe, less effective or less cost-effective than existing products, and third-party payors may not provide coverage and reimbursement for our product candidates, in whole or in part.

In addition, particularly in the United States and increasingly in other countries, we are required to provide discounts and pay rebates
to state and federal governments and agencies in connection with purchases of our products that are reimbursed by such entities. It is possible that future legislation in the United States and other jurisdictions could be enacted to potentially
impact reimbursement rates for the products we are developing and may develop in the future and could further impact the levels of discounts and rebates paid to federal and state government entities. Any legislation that impacts these areas could
impact, in a significant way, our ability to generate revenues from sales of products that, if successfully developed, we bring to market.

Political, economic and regulatory influences are subjecting the health care industry in the United States to fundamental changes. There have been, and we expect there will continue to be, legislative and
regulatory proposals to change the health care system in ways that could significantly affect our future business. For example, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation
Act, or collectively, the PPACA, enacted in March 2010, substantially changes the way health care is financed by both governmental and private insurers. Among other cost containment measures, PPACA establishes:

•

an annual, nondeductible fee on any entity that manufactures or imports certain branded prescription drugs and biologic agents;

•

a new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, in which pharmaceutical manufacturers who wish to have their drugs covered under Part D must offer
discounts to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, or the donut hole; and

•

a new formula that increases the rebates a manufacturer must pay under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program.

In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the PPACA was enacted. On August 2,
2011, the Budget Control Act of 2011, among other things, created measures for spending reductions by Congress. A Joint Select

27

Committee on Deficit Reduction, tasked with recommending a targeted deficit reduction of at least $1.2 trillion for the years 2013 through 2021, was unable to reach required goals, thereby
triggering the legislation’s automatic reduction to several government programs. This includes aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to providers of up to 2% per fiscal year, starting in 2013. On January 2, 2013, President Obama
signed into law the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, or the ATRA, which delayed for another two months the budget cuts mandated by these sequestration provisions of the Budget Control Act of 2011. The ATRA, among other things, also reduced
Medicare payments to several providers, including hospitals, imaging centers and cancer treatment centers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years.

Sales and Marketing

The FDA regulates all advertising and promotion activities for products under its jurisdiction prior to and after approval, including standards and regulations for direct-to-consumer advertising,
dissemination of off-label information, industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities and promotional activities involving the Internet. Drugs may be marketed only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the
approved label. Further, if there are any modifications to the drug, including changes in indications, labeling, or manufacturing processes or facilities, we may be required to submit and obtain FDA approval of a new or supplemental NDA, which may
require us to collect additional data or conduct additional pre-clinical studies and clinical trials. Failure to comply with applicable FDA requirements may subject a company to adverse publicity, enforcement action by the FDA, corrective
advertising, consent decrees and the full range of civil and criminal penalties available to the FDA.

Physicians may
prescribe legally available drugs for uses that are not described in the drug’s labeling and that differ from those tested by us and approved by the FDA. Such off-label uses are common across medical specialties, and often reflect a
physician’s belief that the off-label use is the best treatment for the patient. The FDA does not regulate the behavior of physicians in their choice of treatments, but FDA regulations do impose stringent restrictions on manufacturers’
communications regarding off-label uses. Failure to comply with applicable FDA requirements may subject a company to adverse publicity, enforcement action by the FDA, corrective advertising, consent decrees and the full range of civil and criminal
penalties available to the FDA.

Outside the United States, our ability to market a product is contingent upon obtaining
marketing authorization from the appropriate regulatory authorities. The requirements governing marketing authorization, pricing and reimbursement vary widely from country to country.

We may also be subject to various federal and state laws pertaining to health care “fraud and abuse,” including anti-kickback
laws and false claims laws. Anti-kickback laws make it illegal for a prescription drug manufacturer to solicit, offer, receive, or pay any remuneration in exchange for, or to induce, the referral of business, including the purchase or prescription
of a particular drug. Due to the breadth of the statutory provisions and the absence of guidance in the form of regulations and very few court decisions addressing industry practices, it is possible that

28

our practices might be challenged under anti-kickback or similar laws. False claims laws prohibit anyone from knowingly and willingly presenting, or causing to be presented, for payment to
third-party payors (including Medicare and Medicaid) claims for reimbursed drugs or services that are false or fraudulent, claims for items or services not provided as claimed, or claims for medically unnecessary items or services. Our activities
relating to the sale and marketing of our products may be subject to scrutiny under these laws.

Violations of fraud and abuse
laws may be punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, including fines and civil monetary penalties, the possibility of exclusion from federal health care programs (including Medicare and Medicaid) and corporate integrity agreements, which
impose, among other things, rigorous operational and monitoring requirements on companies. Similar sanctions and penalties also may be imposed upon executive officers and employees, including criminal sanctions against executive officers under the
so-called “responsible corporate officer” doctrine, even in situations where the executive officer did not intend to violate the law and was unaware of any wrongdoing. Given the penalties that may be imposed on companies and individuals if
convicted, allegations of such violations often result in settlements even if the company or individual being investigated admits no wrongdoing. Settlements often include significant civil sanctions, including fines and civil monetary penalties, and
corporate integrity agreements. If the government was to allege or convict us or our executive officers of violating these laws, our business could be harmed. In addition, private individuals have the ability to bring similar actions. Our activities
could be subject to challenge for the reasons discussed above and due to the broad scope of these laws and the increasing attention being given to them by law enforcement authorities. Further, there are an increasing number of state laws that
require manufacturers to make reports to states on pricing and marketing information. Many of these laws contain ambiguities as to what is required to comply with the laws. Given the lack of clarity in laws and their implementation, our reporting
actions could be subject to the penalty provisions of the pertinent state authorities.

Employees

As of the date of this report, we employ 21 employees, 20 of whom are full-time. To successfully develop our drug candidates, we must be
able to attract and retain highly skilled personnel. We anticipate hiring additional employees for research and development, clinical and regulatory affairs and general and administrative activities over the next few years. In addition, we intend to
use clinical research organizations and third parties to perform our clinical studies and manufacturing.

Properties

Our headquarters are located at 3960 Broadway, New York, New York 10032, where we occupy approximately 13,000 square feet of office and
laboratory space. The term of the lease expires September 30, 2014, and we have the option to extend the term of the lease for one additional year, until September 30, 2015. We also lease office space in Towson, Maryland on a month to
month basis.

29

Legal Proceedings

We are not currently involved in any material legal proceedings.

30

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This report includes forward-looking statements that relate to future events or our future financial performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our
actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Words such as, but not limited
to, “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “intend,” “plan,” “targets,” “likely,” “will,” “would,” “could,” and similar expressions
or phrases, or the negative of those expressions or phrases identify forward-looking statements. Although we believe that we have a reasonable basis for each forward-looking statement contained in this report, we caution you that these statements
are based on our projections of the future that are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these
forward-looking statements, to differ. The sections in this report entitled “Description of the Business of Intra-Cellular Therapies, Inc.,” “Risk Factors,” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations” as well as other sections in this report, discuss some of the factors that could contribute to these differences. These forward-looking statements include, among other things, statements about:

•

the initiation, cost, timing, progress and results of our development activities, preclinical studies and clinical trials;

•

the timing of and our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of our existing product candidates, any product candidates that we may
develop, and any related restrictions, limitations, and/or warnings in the label of any approved product candidates;

•

our plans to research, develop and commercialize our future product candidates;

•

our collaborators’ election to pursue research, development and commercialization activities;

•

our ability to attract collaborators with development, regulatory and commercialization expertise;

•

our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our product candidates;

•

our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates;

•

the size and growth of the markets for our product candidates and our ability to serve those markets;

•

the rate and degree of market acceptance of any future products;

•

the success of competing drugs that are or become available;

31

•

regulatory developments in the United States and other countries;

•

the performance of our third-party suppliers and manufacturers and our ability to obtain alternative sources of raw materials;

•

our ability to obtain additional financing;

•

our use of the proceeds from our recently completed private placement;

•

the accuracy of our estimates regarding expenses, future revenues, capital requirements and the need for additional financing; and

•

our ability to attract and retain key scientific or management personnel.

Other unknown or unpredictable factors also could harm our results. Consequently, actual results or developments anticipated by us may
not be realized or, even if substantially realized, may not have the expected consequences to, or effects on, us. Given these uncertainties, prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Except
as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this report.

32

RISK FACTORS

Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. In addition to the other information set forth in this Current Report on Form 8-K, you should carefully consider the factors discussed
below when considering an investment in our common stock. If any of the events contemplated by the following discussion of risks should occur, our business, results of operations and financial condition could suffer significantly. As a result, you
could lose some or all of your investment in our common stock. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business.

Risks Related to Our Business

We currently do not have, and may never have, any products that generate significant revenues.

We have a limited operating history on which to evaluate our business and prospects. To date, we have not generated any product revenues from our product candidates currently in development. We cannot
guarantee that any of our product candidates currently in development will ever become marketable products.

We must
