
If we are unable to obtain any necessary third-party services on acceptable terms or if these service providers do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, our efforts to obtain regulatory approvals for our product candidates may be delayed or prevented.

RISKS RELATED TO STRATEGIC ACQUISITIONS AND COLLABORATIONS

Our strategy of generating growth through acquisitions may not be successful.

Our business strategy includes growing our business through acquisition and in-licensing transactions. We may not be successful in identifying, effectively evaluating, structuring, acquiring or in-

52

EMERGENT BIOSOLUTIONS INC.

licensing, and developing and commercializing additional products on favorable terms, or at all. Competition for attractive product opportunities is intense and may require us to devote substantial resources, both managerial and financial, to an acquisition opportunity. A number of more established companies are also pursuing strategies to acquire or in-license products in the biopharmaceutical field. These companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, cash resources, cost of capital, effective tax rate and greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities.

Acquisition efforts can consume significant management attention and require substantial expenditures, which could detract from our other programs. In addition, we may devote significant resources to potential acquisitions that are never completed. Even if we are successful in acquiring a company or product, it may not result in a successfully developed or commercialized product or, even if an acquired product is commercialized, competing products or technologies could render a product noncompetitive, uneconomical or obsolete. Moreover, the cost of acquiring other companies or in-licensing products could be substantial, and in order to acquire companies or new products, we may need to incur substantial debt or issue dilutive securities.

If we are unsuccessful in our efforts to acquire other companies or in-license and develop additional products, or if we acquire or in-license unproductive assets, it could have a material adverse effect on the growth of our business, and we could be compelled to record significant impairment charges to write-down the carrying value of our acquired intangible assets, which could materially harm our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows.

Our failure to successfully integrate acquired businesses and/or assets into our operations could adversely affect our ability to realize the benefits of such acquisitions and, therefore, to grow our business.

We may not be able to integrate any acquired business successfully or operate any acquired business profitably. In addition, cost synergies, if achieved at all, may be less than we expect, or may take greater time to achieve than we anticipate.

Issues that could delay or prevent successful integration or cost synergies of an acquired business or products include, among others:

•retaining existing customers and attracting new customers;

•retaining key employees;

•diversion of management attention and resources;

•conforming internal controls, policies and procedures, business cultures and compensation programs;

•consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures;

•successfully executing technology transfers and obtaining required regulatory approvals;

•consolidating sales and marketing operations;

•identifying and eliminating redundant and underperforming operations and assets;

•assumption of known and unknown liabilities;

•coordinating geographically dispersed organizations;

•managing tax costs or inefficiencies associated with integrating operations; and

•risks associated with intellectual property rights related to an acquisition or collaboration.

If we are unable to successfully integrate pending and future acquisitions with our existing businesses, or operate any acquired business profitably, we may not obtain the advantages that the acquisitions were intended to create, which may materially adversely affect the growth of our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows.

COMPETITIVE AND POLITICAL RISKS

Development and commercialization of pharmaceutical products, including for PHT preparedness, are routinely subject to evolving private and public sector competition.

The development and commercialization of new biopharmaceutical and medical technology products is highly competitive and subject to rapid technological advances. We may face future competition from other companies and governments, universities and other non-profit research organizations in respect to our products, any products that we acquire, our current product candidates and any products we may seek to develop or commercialize in the future. The market for current products can be subject to development of safer, more effective, more convenient or less costly products. The market for current products can also depend on what resources can be devoted to marketing or selling products, or how companies are positioned to adapt more quickly to new technologies, respond to scientific advances or patient preferences and needs, initiate or withstand substantial price competition and/or procure third-party licensing and collaborative arrangements.

53

EMERGENT BIOSOLUTIONS INC.

There are a number of companies with products or product candidates addressing PHT preparedness that are competing with us for both USG procurement and development resources. Factors to consider include competitors' financial, technical and marketing resources as well as potential leverage that their intellectual property estates may offer.

Any reduction in demand for our products or reduction or loss of development funding for our products or product candidates in favor of a competing product could lead to a loss of market share for our products and cause reduced revenues, margins and levels of profitability for us, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows.

Our Biologic Products may face risks of competition from biosimilar manufacturers.

Biological products and product candidates, otherwise referred to as our “Biologic Products,” can be affected by the approval and entry of “biosimilars” in the United States and other jurisdictions. Biologic Products in our current pipeline include AV7909, BioThrax, and ACAM2000. If a biosimilar version of one of our Biologic Products were approved, it could have a material adverse effect on the sales and gross profits of the affected Biologic Product and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows.

NARCAN® Nasal Spray may be subject to potential competition.

NARCAN® Nasal Spray is the first FDA-approved needle-free naloxone nasal spray for the emergency reversal of opioid overdoses. NARCAN® Nasal Spray faces branded competition from other injectable naloxone, auto-injectors and improvised nasal kits including Amphastar Pharmaceuticals, Inc.'s naloxone injection product and Kaléo's EVZIO™ (naloxone HCI injection) Auto-Injector. NARCAN®Nasal Spray may face additional branded competition in the future.

With respect to potential generic competition, ANDAs seeking regulatory approval to market a generic version of NARCAN®Nasal Spray were filed with the FDA by Teva (in 2016), and by Perrigo (in 2018). ANDA litigation involving Teva is pending with us (via our Adapt subsidiaries) having appealed the June 5, 2020 decision of the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey to the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. An at-risk launch by Teva remains possible. Settlement with Perrigo regarding their ANDA filing was entered on February 12, 2020 providing for a license effective January 5, 2033, or earlier under certain circumstances, including those related to the outcome of the current Teva litigation or future ANDA filers.

Sales of generic versions of NARCAN® Nasal Spray at prices lower than our branded product have the

potential to erode our sales and could impact our product revenue related to NARCAN® Nasal Spray. In addition, in January 2019, the FDA released new proposed template Drug Facts Labels to assist sponsors of investigational naloxone nasal sprays and auto-injectors seeking approval from the FDA for over-the-counter naloxone products.

Political or social factors may delay or impair our ability to market our products and may require us to spend significant management time and financial resources to address these issues.

Products developed to counter the potential impact of PHTs are subject to changing political and social environments. The political responses and social awareness of the risks of these threats on military personnel or civilians may vary over time. If the threat of terrorism were to decline, then the public perception of the risk on public health and safety may be reduced. This perception, as well as political or social pressures, could delay or cause resistance to bringing our products in development to market or limit pricing or purchases of our products, any of which could negatively affect our revenues and our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows.

In addition, substantial delays or cancellations of purchases could result from protests or challenges from third parties. Lawsuits brought against us by third parties or activists, even if not successful, could require us to spend significant management time and financial resources defending the related litigation and could potentially damage the public's perception of us and our products. Any publicity campaigns or other negative publicity may adversely affect the degree of market acceptance of our PHT countermeasures and thereby limit the demand for our products, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RISKS

Protection of our intellectual property rights is an important tool for sustaining our business and the failure to do so could impact our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows.

We actively seek to protect intellectual property rights related to our Company's assets, including patent rights, trademark rights, trade secrets and proprietary confidential information, through defense and enforcement of existing rights and pursuit of protection on new and arising innovations.

Obtaining, maintaining and defending our intellectual property rights in the United States and other countries remains a critical component of the development and commercialization of our Company's assets.

54

EMERGENT BIOSOLUTIONS INC.

Some of the risks associated with procurement, maintenance and enforcement of intellectual property rights include changes in patent laws or administrative patent office rules, evolving criteria and eligibility of obtaining patent protection on particular subject matter, the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights, the potential scope of coverage of our intellectual property rights, and/or the availability or strength of legal remedies in a particular country to defend and enforce intellectual property rights.

Other risks include associated costs, such as costs of patent prosecution and maintenance, costs associated with post-grant challenges including, for example, inter partes review (IPR) proceedings in the United States and oppositions in Europe, as well as costs associated with litigating and enforcing patent and trademark rights.

Additional risks include limitations on our extent or ability to procure, maintain or defend intellectual property rights associated with in-licensed or acquired intellectual property, where, for example, third parties may have the first right to maintain or defend intellectual property rights in which we have an interest, or may pursue strategies that our divergent to the interest of our Company.

Third party challenges for patent infringement could impact our business, financial condition, operating results, and cash flows.

Challenges by third parties for alleged patent infringement could delay or affect the development and commercialization of our products. Such challenges, while ongoing, could be costly, requiring and utilizing company resources. Such challenges, if successful, may impact marketing or launch of products, or require ongoing license and/or royalty fees associated with potential settlement agreements. These may have the potential to materially harm our business, financial condition, operating results, and cash flows.

Intellectual property licenses with third parties carry risks of challenges, which may be costly and time consuming and could impact the commercialization of our products.

We are a party to a number of license agreements and expect to enter into additional license agreements in the future. Such license agreements or collaboration arrangements can be subject to challenges if interests or expectations under such license agreements diverge. Such challenges may be costly, risk time and resources, and could delay or impact development, commercialization or launch of our products.

Potential loss of proprietary information and know-how generally carries the risk of reducing the value of our technology and products.

We also rely upon unpatented proprietary technology, processes, and know-how, particularly as to our proprietary manufacturing processes. These types of confidential information and trade secrets can be difficult to protect. We seek to protect this confidential information, in part, through agreements with our employees, consultants, and third parties, as well as confidentiality policies and audits, although these may not always be successful in protecting our trade secrets and confidential information.

One or more of our products could be subject to early competition from generic drugs and biosimilars.

One or more of our products is approved as a drug product under the provisions of the FDCA, which may render it susceptible to potential competition from generic manufacturers via the Hatch-Waxman Act and ANDA process. Other of our products may be susceptible to challenges by entry of biosimilars through the route established under the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Action of 2009.

Although we intend to vigorously enforce our intellectual property rights, there can be no assurance that we will prevail in our enforcement or defense of our patent rights. Our existing patents could be invalidated, found unenforceable, or found not to cover a generic form of our product.

FINANCIAL RISKS

We have incurred significant indebtedness in connection with our acquisitions and servicing our debt requires a significant amount of cash. We may not have sufficient cash flow from our operations to pay our substantial debt.

Our ability to make scheduled payments of the principal of, to pay interest on or to further refinance our indebtedness depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. We may also seek additional debt financing to support our ongoing activities or to provide additional financial flexibility. Debt financing can have significant adverse consequences for our business, including:

•requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of cash flows from operations to payment on our debt, which would reduce available funds for other corporate initiatives;

•increasing the amount of interest that we have to pay on debt with variable interest rates, if market rates of interest increase, to the extent we are unable to offset such risk through our hedging instruments;

•subjecting us, as under our Senior Secured Credit Facilities and the indenture governing

55

EMERGENT BIOSOLUTIONS INC.

the 3.875% Senior Unsecured Notes due 2028 (Senior Unsecured Notes), to restrictive covenants that reduce our ability to take certain corporate actions, acquire companies, products or technology, or obtain further debt financing;

•requiring us to pledge our assets as collateral, which could limit our ability to obtain additional debt financing;

•limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, general adverse economic and industry conditions; and

•placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt, better debt servicing options or stronger debt servicing capacity.

We may not have sufficient funds or be able to obtain additional financing to pay the amounts due under our indebtedness. In addition, failure to comply with the covenants under our Senior Secured Credit Facilities and other debt agreements, including the maintenance of a specified consolidated net leverage ratio and debt service coverage ratio under our Senior Secured Credit Facilities, could result in an event of default under those agreements. An event of default could result in the acceleration of amounts due under a particular debt agreement and a cross default and acceleration under other debt agreements, and we may not have sufficient funds to pay or be able to obtain additional financing to make any accelerated payments. Under these circumstances, our lenders could seek to enforce security interests in our assets securing our indebtedness.

Our current indebtedness restricts and any additional debt financing may restrict the operation of our business and limit the cash available for investment in our business operations.

The Senior Secured Credit Facilities include a $450 million Term Loan Facility and the ability to borrow up to $600 million under our Revolving Credit Facility, of which we had outstanding borrowings of approximately $416.2 million and no outstanding balance, respectively, as of March 31, 2021. On August 7, 2020, we completed an offering of $450 million aggregate principal amount of Senior Unsecured Notes, of which $353 million of the net proceeds were used to pay down our Revolving Credit Facility. We may also seek additional debt financing to support our ongoing activities or to provide additional financial flexibility. Debt financing can have significant adverse consequences for our business, including:

•the level, timing and cost of product sales and CDMO services;

•the extent to which we acquire or invest in and integrate companies, businesses, products or technologies;

•the acquisition of new facilities and capital improvements to new or existing facilities;

•the payment obligations under our indebtedness;

•the scope, progress, results and costs of our development activities;

•our ability to obtain funding from collaborative partners, government entities and non-governmental organizations for our development programs;

•the extent to which we repurchase common stock under any future share repurchase program; and

•the costs of commercialization activities, including product marketing, sales and distribution.

Our hedging program is subject to counterparty default risk.

We manage our interest rate risk in part by entering into interest rate swaps with a number of counterparties to swap a portion of our indebtedness that is based on variable interest rates to a fixed rate. As a result, we are subject to the risk that the counterparty to one or more of these contracts defaults on its performance under the contract. During an economic downturn, such as the current economic recession, the counterparty's financial condition may deteriorate rapidly and with little notice and we may be unable to take action to protect our exposure. In the event of a counterparty default, we could incur losses, which may harm our business and financial condition. In the event that one or more of our counterparties becomes insolvent or files for bankruptcy, our ability to eventually recover any losses suffered as a result of that counterparty's default may be limited by the liquidity of the counterparty.

We may require significant additional funding and be unable to raise capital when needed or on acceptable terms, which would harm our ability to grow our business, and our results of operations and financial condition.

If our capital resources are insufficient to meet our future capital requirements, we will need to finance our cash needs through public or private equity or debt offerings, bank loans or collaboration and licensing arrangements. In August 2018, we filed an automatic

56

EMERGENT BIOSOLUTIONS INC.

shelf registration statement, which immediately became effective under SEC rules. For so long as we continue to satisfy the requirements to be deemed a “well-known seasoned issuer” under SEC rules (which include, among other things, the timely filing of our reports under the Exchange Act and maintenance of at least $700 million of public float or issuing an aggregate amount of $1 billion of non-convertible securities, other than common stock, in registered offerings for cash during the past three years), this shelf registration statement, effective until August 8, 2021, allows us to issue an unrestricted amount of equity, debt and certain other types of securities through one or more future primary or secondary offerings. If we do not file a new shelf registration statement prior to August 8, 2021, the existing shelf registration statement will expire, and we will not be able to publicly raise capital or issue debt until a new registration statement is filed and becomes effective. There can be no assurance that we will be eligible to file an automatically effective shelf registration statement at a future date when we may need to raise funds publicly.

If we raise funds by issuing equity securities, our stockholders may experience dilution. Debt financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants, like those contained in our Senior Secured Credit Facilities and the indenture governing the Senior Unsecured Notes, limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures, pursuing acquisition opportunities or declaring dividends. If we raise funds through collaboration and licensing arrangements with third parties, it may be necessary to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies or product candidates or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. Our Senior Secured Credit Facilities as well as the indenture governing the Senior Unsecured Notes restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness.

Economic conditions may make it difficult to obtain financing on attractive terms, or at all. If financing is unavailable or lost, our business, operating results, financial condition and cash flows would be adversely affected, and we could be forced to delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate many of our planned activities.

We may not maintain profitability in future periods or on a consistent basis.

Although we have been profitable on an annual basis since becoming a public company, we have not been profitable for every quarter during that time. Our profitability has been substantially dependent on product sales, which historically have fluctuated significantly from quarter to quarter, and we expect that they will continue to fluctuate significantly based primarily on the timing of our fulfillment of orders from the USG. We may not be able to achieve consistent

profitability on a quarterly basis or sustain or increase profitability on an annual basis.

The expansion of our international operations increases our risk of exposure to credit losses.

As we continue to expand our business activities with foreign governments in certain countries that have experienced deterioration in credit and economic conditions or otherwise, our exposure to uncollectible accounts will rise. Global economic conditions and liquidity issues in certain countries have resulted and may continue to result in delays in the collection of accounts receivable and may result in credit losses. Future governmental actions and customer specific actions may require us to re-evaluate the collectability of our accounts receivable and we may potentially incur credit losses that materially impact our operating results.

A substantial portion of our indebtedness bears interest at variable interest rates based on LIBOR and certain of our financial contracts are also indexed to LIBOR. Changes in the method of determining LIBOR, or the replacement of LIBOR with an alternative reference rate, may adversely affect interest rates on our current or future indebtedness and may otherwise adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

In July 2017, the Financial Conduct Authority, the authority that regulates the London Inter-bank Offered Rate (LIBOR) announced that it intended to stop compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR. In November 2020, the ICE Benchmark Administration (the administrator to LIBOR) announced its intention to cease the publication of the one week and two month US dollar (USD) LIBOR settings as well as all non-USD LIBOR settings immediately following the LIBOR publication on December 31, 2021, and the remaining USD LIBOR settings immediately following the LIBOR publication on June 30, 2023. We have certain financial contracts, including the amended credit agreement related to our Senior Secured Credit Facilities and our interest rate swaps, that are indexed to LIBOR. Changes in the method of determining LIBOR, or the replacement of LIBOR with an alternative reference rate, may adversely affect interest rates on our current or future indebtedness. Any transition process may involve, among other things, increased volatility or illiquidity in markets for instruments that rely on LIBOR, reductions in the value of certain instruments or the effectiveness of related transactions such as hedges, increased borrowing costs, uncertainty under applicable documentation, or difficult and costly consent processes. The transition away from LIBOR may result in increased expenses, may impair our ability to refinance our indebtedness or hedge our exposure to floating rate instruments, or may result in difficulties, complications or delays in connection with future financing efforts, any of which

57

EMERGENT BIOSOLUTIONS INC.

could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

UNIQUE BUSINESS RISKS

We rely significantly on information technology systems and any failure, inadequacy, interruption or security lapse of that technology, including any cyber security incidents, could harm our ability to operate our business effectively or result in data leakage of proprietary and confidential business and employee information.

Our business is increasingly dependent on critical, complex and interdependent information technology systems, including Internet-based systems, to support business processes as well as internal and external communications. We also have contracted with the USG and pharmaceutical companies, such as Johnson & Johnson and AstraZeneca, for the development and manufacture of a significant quantity of COVID-19 vaccines, and separately we are working on proprietary COVID-19 therapeutics with support from the USG and other private sector entities, which has raised our security profile, and heightened potential risks that malicious actors may seek to disrupt our systems or misappropriate our information. The size and complexity of our computer systems make them potentially vulnerable to interruption, invasion, computer viruses, destruction, malicious intrusion and additional related disruptions, which may result in the impairment of production and key business processes. Our systems are also potentially vulnerable to data security breaches through employee error, phishing scams and malfeasance, which may expose sensitive data to unauthorized persons. No system of protection is adequate to protect against all such threats, even if they are deemed to be industry standard, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to repel any such attacks. Data security breaches could lead to the loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property or the public exposure of personal information, including sensitive personal information, of our employees, clinical trial patients, customers and others. Responding to any such threats may also be expensive and time-consuming.

A significant business disruption or a breach in security resulting in misappropriation, theft or sabotage with respect to proprietary and confidential business and employee information could result in significant financial losses, legal, business or reputational harm to us, compromise our business prospects and our commitments to the USG or other customers, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.

Our work on public health threats exposes us to potential criticism, from the media, government personnel, and others, that can have a negative effect

on our share price, our reputation, our operations, and our ability to attract and retain talent.

Our work on public health threats exposes us to potential criticism, from the media, government personnel, and others, that can be particularly acute during a public health emergency like the COVID-19 pandemic. The unfavorable media coverage and increased government scrutiny, for example Congressional or other government agency inquiries, could harm our reputation, our operations, and ability to attract and retain talent and result in further declines to our share price.

We face product liability exposure, which could cause us to incur substantial liabilities and negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We face an inherent risk of product liability exposure related to the sale of our products, any other products that we successfully acquire or develop and the testing of our product candidates in clinical trials.

One measure of protection against such lawsuits is coverage under the PREP Act, which was signed into law in December 2005. The PREP Act creates liability protection for manufacturers of biodefense countermeasures when the Secretary of HHS issues a declaration for their manufacture, administration or use. A PREP Act declaration is meant to provide liability protection from all claims under federal or state law for loss arising out of the administration or use of a covered countermeasure under a government contract. The Secretary of HHS has issued PREP Act declarations identifying certain of our products, namely BioThrax, ACAM2000, raxibacumab, Anthrasil, BAT and VIGIV, as covered countermeasures. These declarations expire in 2022. Manufacturers are not entitled to protection under the PREP Act in cases of willful misconduct or for cases brought in non-U.S. tribunals or under non-U.S. law. We cannot predict whether the Secretary of HHS will renew the declarations when they expire, whether Congress will fund the relevant PREP Act compensation programs, or whether the necessary prerequisites for immunity would be triggered with respect to our products or product candidates.

Additionally, certain of our products, namely BioThrax and RSDL, are certified anti-terrorism products covered under the protections of the SAFETY Act. The SAFETY Act creates product liability limitations for qualifying anti-terrorism technologies for claims arising from or related to an act of terrorism. Although we are entitled to the benefits of the SAFETY Act for BioThrax and RSDL, the SAFETY Act may not provide adequate protection from claims made against us.

If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against future claims that our products or product candidates

58

EMERGENT BIOSOLUTIONS INC.

caused injuries and if we are not entitled to indemnity by the USG, or the USG does not honor its obligations to us under the PREP Act or SAFETY Act, or if the liability protections under the PREP Act and SAFETY Act are not adequate to cover all claims, we may incur substantial liabilities. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, product liability claims may result in:

•decreased demand or withdrawal of a product;

•injury to our reputation;

•withdrawal of clinical trial participants;

•costs to defend the related litigation;

•substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients;

•loss of revenue; and

•an inability to commercialize products that we may develop.

The amount of insurance that we currently hold may not be adequate to cover all liabilities that we may incur. Further product liability insurance may be difficult and expensive to obtain. We may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost and we may not be able to obtain insurance coverage that will be adequate to satisfy all potential liabilities. For example, we may not have sufficient insurance against potential liabilities associated with a possible large-scale deployment of BioThrax as a countermeasure to a bioterrorism threat. We rely on PREP Act protection for BioThrax, raxibacumab, ACAM2000, Anthrasil, BAT and VIGIV, and SAFETY Act protection for BioThrax and RSDL in addition to our insurance coverage to help mitigate our product liability exposure for these products. Additionally, potential product liability claims related to our commercial products, including NARCAN® Nasal Spray, Vivotif and Vaxchora, may be made by patients, health care providers or others who sell or consume these products. Such claims may be made even with respect to those products that possess regulatory approval for commercial sale. Claims or losses in excess of our product liability insurance coverage could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows.

RISKS RELATED TO OWNERSHIP OF OUR COMMON STOCK

Our business or our share price could be negatively affected as a result of the actions of shareholders.

In recent years, some shareholders have placed increasing pressure on publicly traded companies in our industry and others to effect changes to corporate governance practices, executive compensation practices, social and environmental practices and to undertake certain corporate actions. This may be true even if they only hold a minority of shares. In addition, some institutional investors are increasingly focused on environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors. These investors may be seeking enhanced ESG disclosures or implement policies adverse to our business. There can be no assurances that shareholders will not publicly advocate for us to make corporate governance changes or engage in certain corporate actions. Responding to challenges from shareholders, such as proxy contests, media campaigns or other public or private means, could be costly and time consuming and could have an adverse effect on our reputation and divert the attention and resources of management and our board, which could have an adverse effect on our business and operational results. Any such shareholder actions or requests, or the mere public presence of shareholders with a reputation for taking such actions among our shareholder base, could also cause the market price of our common stock to experience periods of significant volatility.

Fuad El-Hibri, executive chairman of our Board of Directors, has significant influence over us through his substantial beneficial ownership of our common stock, including an ability to influence the election of the members of our Board of Directors, or delay or prevent a change of control of us.

Mr. El-Hibri has the ability to significantly influence the election of the members of our Board of Directors due to his substantial beneficial ownership of our common stock. As of March 31, 2021, Mr. El-Hibri was the beneficial owner of approximately 9% of our outstanding common stock. As a result, Mr. El-Hibri could exercise substantial influence over corporate actions requiring board or stockholder approval, including a change of control, or any amendment of our certificate of incorporation or by-laws. The control by Mr. El-Hibri may prevent other stockholders from influencing significant corporate decisions. In addition, Mr. El-Hibri's significant beneficial ownership of our shares could present the potential for a conflict of interest.

Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and by-laws and under Delaware law may discourage acquisition proposals, delay a change in control or prevent transactions that stockholders may consider favorable.

Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and by-laws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other changes in control that

59

EMERGENT BIOSOLUTIONS INC.

stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares. These provisions may also prevent or frustrate attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our management.

These provisions include:

•the classification of our directors;

•limitations on changing the number of directors then in office;

•limitations on the removal of directors;

•limitations on filling vacancies on the board;

•advance notice requirements for stockholder nominations of candidates for election to the Board of Directors and other proposals;

•the inability of stockholders to act by written consent;

•the inability of stockholders to call special meetings; and

•the ability of our Board of Directors to designate the terms of and issue a new series of preferred stock without stockholder approval.

The affirmative vote of holders of our capital stock representing at least 75% of the voting power of all outstanding stock entitled to vote is required to amend or repeal the above provisions of our certificate of incorporation. The affirmative vote of either a majority of the directors present at a meeting of our Board of Directors or holders of our capital stock representing at least 75% of the voting power of all outstanding stock entitled to vote is required to amend or repeal our by-laws.

In addition, we are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (Section 203). In general and subject to certain exceptions, Section 203 prohibits a publicly-held corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder, generally a person which, together with its affiliates, owns or within the last three years has owned 15% or more of the corporation's voting stock, for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. Accordingly, Section 203 may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of us.

Our Board of Directors may implement a new stockholder rights plan without stockholder approval, which could prevent a change in control of us in instances in which some stockholders may believe a change in control is in their best interests.

Our Board of Directors may implement a stockholder rights plan without stockholder approval. We previously implemented a stockholder rights plan, which expired on November 14, 2016. Under our prior stockholder rights plan, we issued to each of our stockholders one preferred stock purchase right for each outstanding share of our common stock. Each right, when exercisable, would have entitled its holder to purchase from us a unit consisting of one one-thousandth of a share of series A junior participating preferred stock at a purchase price of $150 in cash, subject to adjustments. Our stockholder rights plan was intended to protect stockholders in the event of an unfair or coercive offer to acquire us and to provide our Board of Directors with adequate time to evaluate unsolicited offers.

Our Board of Directors may implement a new stockholder rights plan, which may have anti-takeover effects, potentially preventing a change in control of us in instances in which some stockholders may believe a change in control is in their best interests. This could cause substantial dilution to a person or group that attempts to acquire us on terms that our Board of Directors does not believe are in our best interests or those of our stockholders and may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares.

Our stock price is volatile, and purchasers of our common stock could incur substantial losses.

Our stock price has been, and is likely to continue to be, volatile. The market price of our common stock could fluctuate significantly for many reasons, including in response to the risks described in this “Risk Factors” section, or for reasons unrelated to our operations, such as reports by industry analysts, investor perceptions or negative announcements by our customers, competitors or suppliers regarding their own performance, as well as industry conditions and general financial, economic and political instability. From November 15, 2006, when our common stock first began trading on the New York Stock Exchange, through April 23, 2021, our common stock has traded as high as $137.61 per share and as low as $4.17 per share. Due to fears associated with COVID-19, the stock market has recently experienced extreme volatility and the market for biopharmaceutical companies has generally experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. The market price of our common stock may be influenced by many factors, including, among others:

•contracts, decisions and procurement policies by the USG affecting our anthrax vaccines and our other products and product candidates;

60

EMERGENT BIOSOLUTIONS INC.

•CDMO contracts related to COVID-19 with collaboration partners;

•the success of competitive products or technologies;

•results of clinical and non-clinical trials of our product candidates;

•announcements of acquisitions, financings or other transactions by us;

•litigation or legal proceedings;

•public concern as to the safety of our products;

•termination or delay of a development program;

•the recruitment or departure of key personnel;

•variations in our product revenue and profitability; and

•the other factors described in this “Risk Factors” section.

Because we currently do not pay dividends, investors will benefit from an investment in our common stock only if it appreciates in value.

We currently do not pay dividends on our common stock. Our Senior Secured Credit Facilities and the indenture governing our Senior Unsecured Notes limit and any future debt agreements that we enter into may limit our ability to pay dividends. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be the sole source of gain for our stockholders based on current expectations.

Future issuances of our common stock or securities convertible into common stock could result in dilution of our stockholders and could cause our share price to decline.

We expect to continue to opportunistically seek access to additional capital to license or acquire additional products, product candidates or companies to expand our operations or for general corporate purposes. To the extent we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities or securities convertible or exchangeable into common stock, our stockholders may experience substantial dilution. We may sell common stock, and we may sell convertible or exchangeable securities or other equity securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner we determine from time to time. If we sell such common stock, convertible or exchangeable securities or other equity securities in subsequent transactions, existing stockholders may be materially diluted.

GENERAL RISKS

The accuracy of our financial reporting depends on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results and our ability to meet our reporting obligations could be negatively affected, each of which could negatively affect the trading price of our common stock.

Internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements and may not prevent or detect misstatements. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, or lapses in disclosure controls and procedures, could impact our financial information and disclosures, require significant resources to remediate, and expose us to legal or regulatory proceedings.

We regularly review and update our internal controls and disclosure controls and procedures. In addition, we are required under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 to report annually on our internal control over financial reporting. Our system of internal controls, however well-designed, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurances that the objectives of the system are met. If we, or our independent registered public accounting firm, determine that our internal controls over financial reporting, or the internal controls of other companies we may acquire, are not effective, or we discover areas that need improvement in the future, these shortcomings could have an adverse effect on our business and financial reporting, and the trading price of our common stock could be negatively affected.

Our success is dependent on our continued ability to attract, motivate and retain key personnel, and any failure to attract or retain key personnel may negatively affect our business.

Because of the specialized scientific nature of our business, our ability to develop products and to compete with our current and future competitors largely depends upon our ability to attract, retain and motivate highly qualified managerial and key scientific and technical personnel (including quality and manufacturing personnel). If we are unable to retain the services of one or more of the principal members of senior management or other key employees, our ability to implement our business strategy could be materially harmed. We face intense competition for qualified employees from biopharmaceutical

61

EMERGENT BIOSOLUTIONS INC.

companies, research organizations and academic institutions. Attracting, retaining or replacing these personnel on acceptable terms may be difficult and time-consuming given the high demand in our industry for similar personnel. We believe part of being able to attract, motivate and retain personnel is our ability to offer a competitive compensation package, including equity incentive awards. If we cannot offer a competitive compensation package to attract and retain the qualified personnel necessary for the continued development of our business, we may not be able to maintain our operations or grow our business.

62

EMERGENT BIOSOLUTIONS INC.

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities

Not applicable.

Use of Proceeds

Not applicable.

Purchases of Equity Securities

Not applicable.

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES

Not applicable.

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not applicable.

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION

Not applicable.

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS

The exhibits required to be filed by Item 601 of Regulation S-K are listed in the Exhibit Index immediately preceding the exhibits hereto.

63

EMERGENT BIOSOLUTIONS INC.

Exhibit Index

Exhibit

Number

Description

10.1#†

Modification No. 4, effective January 29, 2021, to Order for Supplies and Services Between Emergent Manufacturing Operations Baltimore LLC and the BioMedical Advance Research and Development Authority, dated May 24, 2020 (Task Order 75A50120F33007), under the Award/Contract, effective August 30, 2019 (BARDA ADM Conract), from the Assistant Secretary, U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (ASPR/OPM) to Emergent Product Development Gaithersburg Inc.

10.2#†

Modification No. 5, effective February 22, 2021, to Task Order 75A50120F33007.

10.3#†

Modification No. 6, effective March 24, 2021, to Task Order 75A50120F33007.

10.4#†

Amendment No. 1, effective February 25, 2021, to Manufacturing Services Agreement, dated July 1, 2020, by and between Emergent Manufacturing Operations Baltimore, LLC and Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc., one of the Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies of Johnson & Johnson.

10.5#†

Amendment No. 2, effective October 30, 2020, to Manufacturing Services Agreement, dated July 24, 2020, by and between Emergent Manufacturing Operations Baltimore, LLC and AstraZeneca Pharmaceuticals LP (AZ MSA).

10.6#†

Amendment No. 3, effective November 25, 2020, to AZ MSA.

10.7#†

Amendment No. 4, effective January 21, 2021, to AZ MSA.

31.1 #

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a).

31.2 #

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a).

32.1 #

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

32.2 #

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

101 #

The following financial information related to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020, formatted in iXBRL (Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (v) the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity; and (vi) the related Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.

104 #

Cover Page Interactive Data File, formatted in iXBRL and contained in Exhibit 101.

# Filed herewith.

† Certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted because they are not material and they are the type of information that the registrant treats as private or confidential.

64

EMERGENT BIOSOLUTIONS INC.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

EMERGENT BIOSOLUTIONS INC.

By: /s/ROBERT G. KRAMER

Robert G. Kramer

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director

(Principal Executive Officer)

Date: April 29, 2021

By: /s/RICHARD S. LINDAHL

Richard S. Lindahl

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

Date: April 29, 2021

65
