EX-10.34
7
tm2214659d7_ex10-34.htm
EXHIBIT 10.34

Exhibit 10.34

***Certain identified information has been omitted
from this exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) information that the Registrant treats as private or confidential. Such
omitted information is indicated by brackets (“[...***...]”) in this exhibit. ***

PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT

by and between

STASON PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. (on the one hand)

and

OISHI KOSEIDO CO., LTD

together with

ITOCHU CHEMICAL FRONTIER Corporation (on the
other hand).

DATED AS OF May 11th, 2011

ARTICLE 1.

DEFINITIONS

1

ARTICLE 2.

PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT

7

2.1

General Development Obligations

7

ARTICLE 3.

DEVELOPMENT COMMITTEE

9

3.1

Development Committee

9

3.2

Purpose and Responsibilities of the Development Committee

9

3.3

Development Committee Meetings

10

ARTICLE 4.

REGULATORY

10

4.1

Ownership and Maintenance

10

4.2

Regulatory Approvals and Applications

10

4.3

Regulatory Expenses

11

ARTICLE 5.

API

11

5.1

API Supply

11

5.2

Criteria for API Quality and for API Supplier

11

5.3

Qualification of Secondary API Supplier

12

5.4

Information

12

ARTICLE 6.

SUPPLY

12

6.1

Development Supply

12

6.4

Facility Updates

13

6.5

Documentation

13

ARTICLE 7.

FINANCIAL PROVISIONS

13

7.1

Development Costs and Expenses

13

7.2

Royalty

13

7.3

Sublicense Fees

13

7.4

Records

13

7.5

Accounting

14

ARTICLE 8.

COMPLIANCE STANDARDS

15

8.1

Development Compliance

15

8.2

Warranties by Developers

15

8.3

Warranties by Stason

15

ARTICLE 9.

LICENSE GRANTS; EXCLUSIVITIES

16

9.1

License Grant

16

9.2

Exclusivity

16

ARTICLE 10.

COMMERCIALIZATION

17

10.1

Marketing, Sales and Distribution Obligations

17

10.2

Label

17

-i-

ARTICLE 11.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

17

11.1

General Ownership

17

11.2

Patent Prosecution

17

11.3

Possible Infringement of Either Party’s Intellectual Property by Third Parties

18

11.4

Claims by Third Parties

19

11.5

Cooperation

19

ARTICLE 12.

CONFIDENTIALITY AND PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

20

12.1

Confidential Information

20

ARTICLE 13.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

20

13.1

Developers Representations

20

13.2

Stason Representations

21

ARTICLE 14.

INDEMNIFICATION

21

14.1

Stason Indemnification

21

14.2

Developers Indemnification

22

14.3

Other Claims

22

14.4

Obligations of the Indemnified Party

22

14.5

Settlement

23

ARTICLE 15.

TERM AND TERMINATION

23

15.1

Term

23

15.2

Termination for Breach

23

15.3

Termination for Study Failure

23

15.4

Termination for Refusal to File

23

15.5

Termination for Efficacy Study Requirement

24

15.6

Termination Regarding Economic Viability

24

15.7

Termination right for Failure to Submit Application

24

15.8

Termination right for Failure to Agree

24

15.9

Termination for Bankruptcy

25

15.10

Reversion of Rights to Developers upon Termination

25

15.11

Survival

25

ARTICLE 16.

INSURANCE

25

16.1

Insurance

25

-ii-

ARTICLE 17.

MISCELLANEOUS

25

17.1

Interpretation and Construction

25

17.2

Independent Contractor Status

26

17.3

Waiver and Modification

26

17.4

Assignment

26

17.5

Severability

26

17.6

Further Assurances

26

17.7

Use of Party’s Name

26

17.8

Notices

27

17.9

Dispute Resolution

27

17.10

Governing Law and Arbitration

27

17.11

Force Majeure

28

17.12

Entire Agreement

28

17.13

Counterparts

28

17.14

Third Party Beneficiaries

28

17.15

Bankruptcy

28

17.16

Responsibility for Related Entities

29

-iii-

PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT

This
Product Development Agreement (this “Agreement”) is hereby entered into and effective as of May 11th,
2011 (the “Effective Date”) by and between Stason Pharmaceuticals, Inc. a company organized under the laws of the state of
California, with offices located at 11 Morgan, Irvine, California 92618 (“Stason) on the one hand, together with Oishi
Koseido Co., Ltd., a company formed in accordance with and by virtue of the laws of Japan, having its registered office at 1-933,
Honmachi, Tosu, Saga, 841-0037 Japan (“Oishi”) together with ITOCHU CHEMICAL FRONTIER Corporation, a company formed in accordance
with and by virtue of the laws of Japan, having its registered office at 5-1 Kita-Aoyama 2-Chome-Minato-Ku Tokyo, Japan (“Itochu”)(Oishi
and Itochu are collectively the “Developers”).

WHEREAS,
Stason desires to have Developers exclusively develop for Stason for the Territory, and Developers desire to so exclusively develop for
the Territory, a lidocaine tape product (the “Product”, as further defined below) that is intended to be a Bioequivalent pharmaceutical
alternative to Lidoderm®.

WHEREAS,
Stason desires to have Developers exclusively provide API for the Product for the Territory, and Developer desire to so exclusively provide
API for the Product for the Territory;

WHEREAS,
Stason desires to have Developers exclusively supply, and developers desire to so exclusively supply, the Product to Stason for the Territory;

WHEREAS,
Developers desire to have Stason market, sell and distribute the products that are the subject of this Agreement in the Territory, and
Stason desires to so market, sell and distribute such products in the Territory;

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises, covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth and for good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Stason, Oishi and Itochu hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE 1.   DEFINITIONS

1.1          “Affiliate(s)”
means as to a Party, any entity which controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with such Party. For purposes of the foregoing
definition, the term “control” (including with correlative meaning, the terms “controlling”, “controlled
by”, and “under common control with”) shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause
the direction of the management and policies of such party, whether through ownership of equity, securities, or partnership interest or
by contract, or otherwise. Ownership of more than fifty percent (50%) of the securities or other ownership interests representing
the equity, the voting stock or general partnership interest in an entity, or greater than fifty percent (50%) interest in the income
of such business entity shall, without limitation, be deemed to be control for purpose of this definition. For the purpose of clarity,
ITOCHU Chemicals America Inc., a company organized under the laws of the state of New York, with offices located at 360 Hamilton
Avenue, 6th Floor White Plains, NY 10601 (“ICAI”), shall be regarded
as the Affiliate of Itochu.

1

1.2          “Agreement”
has the meaning given to such term in the first paragraph of this Agreement.

1.3          “API”
means the active pharmaceutical ingredient, lidocaine.

1.4          “Applicable
Laws” means all laws, rules, regulations and guidelines of any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over the development,
manufacturing, exportation, importation, promotion, marketing, sale or distribution of the Products, the API and/or the performance of
a Party’s obligations under this Agreement, to the extent applicable and relevant, and including specifically, but without limitation,
all cGMP and current Good Clinical Practices or similar standards or guidelines of the FDA and including trade association guidelines,
where applicable, as well as U.S. export control laws and the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act.

1.5          “Bioequivalent”
shall have the meaning set forth in the applicable edition of “Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations”
published by the FDA also known as the “Orange Book”.

1.6          “cGMP”
means all current good manufacturing practices as may be applicable, including: (a) as required by the provisions of 21 C.F.R.,
parts 210 and 211 and all applicable rules, regulations, orders and guidances of the FDA; and (b) ICH, Guidance for Industry Q7a
Good Manufacturing Practice Guidance for Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients. cGMP requirements shall include all such requirements applicable
to activities during the term of this Agreement, including as such requirements may be amended, modified or otherwise implemented from
time-to-time during the term of this Agreement.

1.7          “COA”
means the signed certificate of analysis provided, or caused to be provided, by Developers with each shipment of the Product, demonstrating
and certifying that the Product included in such shipment conforms to the requirements contained in this Agreement, including, without
limitation, the Product Specifications and cGMP.

1.8          “Commercial
Launch” means the first commercial sale in the Territory of the Product by Stason, or a Stason Affiliate or by a permitted sub-licensee
of Stason, as the case may be, to an unaffiliated Third Party.

1.9          “Commercially
Reasonable Efforts” means with respect to each Party, efforts and commitment of resources in accordance with such Party’s
reasonable business, legal, medical, and scientific judgment that are consistent with the efforts and resources such Party uses for other
products owned by it or to which it has exclusive rights, which are of similar market potential and at a similar stage in their life cycle,
taking into account the competitiveness of the marketplace, the regulatory structure involved, the profitability of the applicable products
and other relevant factors, including technical, legal, scientific, medical, sales performance, and/or marketing factors. For the avoidance
of doubt, “Commercially Reasonable Efforts,” means, as it relates to Developer’s supply obligations hereunder, Developer’s
reasonable business judgment that is consistent with the efforts that Developers uses to manufacture and supply product to itself or third
parties. The term “Commercially Reasonable” shall have correlative meaning.

1.10        “Confidential
Information” means with respect to a Party (as the “Disclosing Party”), all non-public information of any kind
whatsoever (including without limitation, data, materials, compilations, formulae, models, patent disclosures, procedures,
processes, projections, protocols, results of experimentation and testing, specifications, strategies, techniques and all non-public
Intellectual Property and Know-How as defined herein), and all tangible and intangible embodiments thereof of any kind whatsoever
(including without limitation, materials, samples, apparatus, compositions, documents, drawings, machinery, patent applications,
records and reports), which are disclosed by the Disclosing Party to the other Party (as the “Receiving Party”)
including any and all copies, replication or embodiments thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, Confidential Information includes any
agreement entered into by Developers with the API supplier hereunder. The terms, subject matter and substance of this Agreement
shall be deemed the Confidential Information of both Parties.

2

1.11        “Control”
means, with respect to any information, intellectual property right or Regulatory Approval, possession by a Party of the ability (whether
by ownership, license or otherwise) to grant access, rights, title, possession, a license or a sublicense, as applicable, to such intellectual
property right without violating the terms of any Third Party agreement, court order, or other arrangement or legal obligation.

1.12        “Cost
of Goods” shall mean the amount equal to Stason’s documented out-of-pocket cost associated with the acquisition of applicable
Product, including, as applicable: Transfer Price; Freight Charges; customs charges and fees; intake testing, Product validation and stability
testing;

1.13        “Developer’s
Acquisition Cost” means, with respect to a Product supplied by Developers to Stason hereunder, the direct labor and direct materials
used to manufacture, test, Label, Package the Product, all calculated in accordance with GAAP plus [...***...]
of such amount to account for all indirect and overhead expenses for the same

1.14        “Developers”
has the meaning set forth in the first paragraph of this Agreement.

1.15        “Developers
Patents” means any Patents Controlled by Developers related to Product, API, or that are useful or necessary for the manufacture,
use, sale, offer for sale or import of Product in the Territory.

1.16        “Dollar”
means the United States dollar.

1.17        “DMF”
means a drug master file for active pharmaceutical ingredient in the Territory.

1.18        “Drug
Product” means a drug product as defined in 21 C.F.R. § 314.3 for administration to human subjects.

1.19        “Effective
Date” shall have the meaning given to such term in the opening paragraph of this Agreement.

1.20        “Exporting
Expenses” means the costs and expenses incurred by Developers to export the Product, including but not limited to the transportation
cost from Oishi’s factory to US main airport, marine insurance charge, and other charges imposed upon the export of the Product.

1.21        “FD&C
Act” means the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the FDA promulgated thereunder.

3

1.22        “FDA”
means the United States Food and Drug Administration or any successor agency thereto.

1.23        “Freight
Charges” means, with respect to Product supplied by Developers to Stason hereunder, actual out-of-pocket freight, shipping and
insurance costs, and taxes, incurred by Stason as a result of shipping and transporting such Product from the Developers to Stason that
is not otherwise included under Exporting Expenses.

1.24        “GAAP”
means generally accepted accounting principles in effect in the United States from time to time, consistently applied.

1.25        “Governmental
Authority” means any court, tribunal, arbitrator, agency, legislative body, commission, official or other instrumentality of
(i) any government of any country, or (ii) a federal, state, province, county, city or other political, administrative or regulatory
subdivision thereof.

1.26        “ICH”
means the International Conference on Harmonization.

1.27        “Intellectual
Property” means without limitation all of the following: (i) patent applications, continuation applications, continuation-in-part
applications, divisional applications, and any issued or issuing patents, as well as any foreign patent applications or patent corresponding
to any of the foregoing, and also including without limitation reissues, re- examinations and extensions and any supplemental protection
certificates, or the like; (ii) all Know-How, work product, trade secrets, inventions (whether patentable or otherwise), data, processes,
techniques, procedures, compositions, devices, methods, formulas, protocols and information, whether patentable or not; (iii) copyrightable
works, copyrights and applications, registrations and renewals; (iv) logos, trademarks, service marks, and all applications and registrations
relating thereto; (v) other proprietary rights; (vi) abbreviated new drug applications or other applications to market (including
right of reference thereto); (vii) any regulatory exclusivities, patent extensions, supplemental protection certificates or the like;
and (viii) copies and tangible embodiments of any one or more of the foregoing.

1.28        “Issued
Product Patents” means any claims of issued patents in the Territory, which would cover the Products or the API contained in
the Products including, but not limited to the use of Product or the making of Product, but excluding any-claims of inventions that can
be applied to pharmaceutical products generally and not specifically to lidocaine products.

1.29        “Itochu”
has the meaning set forth in the first paragraph of this Agreement.

1.30        “Know-How”
means the following confidential proprietary information to the extent related to a Product: manufacturing protocols and methods, Product
formulations, product specifications, processes, product designs, plans, trade secrets, ideas, concepts, manufacturing information, engineering
and other manuals and drawings, standard operating procedures, flow diagrams, chemical, pharmacological, toxicological, pharmaceutical,
physical and analytical, safety, quality assurance, quality control and clinical data, technical information, data, research records.

1.31        “Label,”
“Labeled” or “Labeling” shall refer to such labels and other written, printed or graphic matter,
(i) upon a Product or any container or wrapper utilized with the Product, or (ii) accompanying a Product, including without
limitation, package inserts.

4

1.32        “Marketing
Expenses” means the costs and expenses incurred by Stason that are associated with the marketing and selling of the Product
in the Territory, specifically including, without limitation, the cost of sales personnel, physician samples, promotional materials, and
the cost of any post approval studies performed. The Marketing Expenses are estimated to be between [...***...]
and [...***...] percent of Net Sales.

1.33        “Net
Profits” means Net Sales, less (a) Cost of Goods, and (b) Marketing Expenses.

1.34        “Net
Sales” means, with respect to any Product commercially sold by Stason under this Agreement, the total gross sales (number of
units shipped times the invoice price per unit) to Third-Party customers of the Product, less all applicable deductions, to the extent
accrued, paid or allowed in the ordinary course of business with respect to the sale of the Product, and to the extent they are in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles in effect in the United States from time to time, consistently applied, including, but not
limited to:

(i)

cash discounts, quantity discounts, promotional discounts, stocking or other promotional allowances;

(ii)

sales and excise taxes, customs and any other taxes, all to the extent added to the sale price and paid by Stason and not refundable in accordance with Applicable Law (but not including taxes assessed against the income derived from such sale);

(iii)

freight, insurance and other transportation charges to the extent added to the sale price and set forth separately as such in the total amount invoiced;

(iv)

returns, recalls, and returned goods allowances;

(v)

retroactive corrections including price adjustments (including those on customer inventories following price changes) and corrections for billing errors or shipping errors; and

(vi)

chargebacks, rebates, administrative fees, any other allowances actually granted or allowed to any entity including, but not limited to group purchasing organizations, managed health care organizations and to governments, including their agencies, or to trade customers, in each case that are not Affiliates of Stason, and which are directly attributable to the sale of the applicable product

The
total deductions are estimated to be less than [...***...] percent of the Gross Sales.

1.35        “Oishi”
has the meaning set forth in the first paragraph of this Agreement.

1.36        “Packaging”
means all primary containers, including bottles, cartons, shipping cases or any other like matter used in packaging or accompanying a
Product.

1.37        “Patents”
means patent applications, continuation applications, continuation-in-part applications, divisional applications, and any issued or
issuing patents, as well as any foreign patent applications or patent corresponding to any of the foregoing, and also including
without limitation reissues, re-examinations and extensions and any supplemental protection certificates, or the like.

5

1.38        “Party”
means Stason or Developers, as applicable and “Parties” shall mean both Stason and Developers.

1.39        “Person”
means an individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, firm, association, joint venture, estate, trust, governmental
or administrative body or agency, or any other entity.

1.40        “Proceedings”
means, without limitation, governmental, judicial, administrative or adversarial proceedings (public or private), litigation, suits, arbitration,
disputes, claims, causes of action or investigations.

1.41        “Product”
means a lidocaine tape product intended to be a Bioequivalent pharmaceutical alternative to the brand product Lidoderm®.

1.42        “Product
Information” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.5.

1.43        “Product
Specifications” means the specifications for the Product established by Stason, as set forth in any applicable application for
Regulatory Approval, or prior to the application, as embodied in applicable documents leading up to such application (e.g., in connection
with a clinical study), or as may be superseded in the future by an applicable Regulatory Approval for such a Product, including (as applicable)
any supplements or amendments thereof and statements of pharmaceutical manufacturing, filling, storage and quality control procedures,
submission batch specifications, and Labeling and Packaging specifications (as such may be revised from time to time in accordance with
Applicable Laws) together with any additional specifications that may be agreed to between the Parties.

1.44        “Reference
Product” means all strengths and packaging configurations, as may now or hereafter be approved for sale, of the Drug Products
listed in Table 1 of Schedule A identified by New Drug Application number in the “NDA No.” column, as may be amended
from time to time pursuant to this Agreement.

1.45        “Regulatory
Approval” shall mean the applicable approvals necessary to make Product, including applications submitted to the FDA, and all
applicable product and/or establishment licenses, registrations, permits or other authorizations as may be necessary in connection with
the applicable Product, and which are necessary for the commercial manufacture, commercialization, use, storage, importation, transport,
promotion, pricing, distribution or sale of such Product in the Territory.

1.46        “Secondary
API Supplier” means a Party, an Affiliate of a Party, or a Third Party designated by the Parties to supply API for the Product
in the Territory

1.47        “Stason”
has the meaning set forth in the first paragraph of this Agreement

1.48        “Territory”
means the United States and Canada, including without limitation, their respective territories and possessions.

1.49        “Third
Party” or “Third Parties” shall mean any Person or entity other than a Party or its Affiliates.

6

1.50        “Transfer
Price” means, with respect to a Product supplied by Developers to Stason hereunder, Developer’s Acquisition Cost (and
adjustments, if any, made in accordance with Section 6.2, 6.3) plus the Exporting Expenses.

ARTICLE 2.   PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT

2.1          General
Development Obligations. Developers shall develop the Product in accordance with this Agreement with a regulatory filing target
of the second half of 2011, Developer’s development responsibilities shall include the following:

2.1.1         Developers shall develop a stable final dosage
form of the Product suitable for submission of an application for Regulatory Approval to the FDA for approval to market such Product in
the Territory, such that the Product is Bioequivalent to the Reference Product as listed in the Orange Book, as expeditiously as reasonably
practicable.

2.1.2         Except as provided in Section 2.5 below,
Developers shall be solely responsible for all product development activities necessary to support the filing of the applicable application
for Regulatory Approval for the Product, including development of appropriate analytical methods, development of a GMP compliant and commercially
competitive manufacturing process; stability studies and other analytical testing; all manufacturing scale up activities; and all necessary
preclinical and in vitro studies.

2.1.3         In carrying out its development responsibilities,
Developers shall cooperate and coordinate with Stason, and Stason shall have final authority in establishing the final Product Specifications
for the Territory. Developers shall cooperate with Stason and its legal counsel in assessing and avoiding infringement of third party
Intellectual Property.

2.1.4         Developers, upon request by Stason, shall transfer
to Stason all data, information and materials generated or obtained in connection with the Product for use in the Territory, including
with respect to the components thereof, and all associated methods and analytical testing, within five (5) business days of completion
or generation, of such data, information and materials, on an ongoing basis.

2.1.5         Developers will promptly complete timely requests
for information from Stason relating to the development and manufacture of the Product. To the extent that Stason requests access to information
or materials reasonably necessary or useful in preparing the applications for Regulatory Approval or necessary or useful in assessing
any regulatory issues or Intellectual Property issues or concerns (collectively, the “Product Information”), such as formulation
information, methods and processes, analytical and processing techniques, product and API samples, processing techniques and any other
information, for these purposes, Developers will promptly disclose such Product Information to Stason.

2.2          Developers
shall keep Stason informed of the progress of the development of the Product, as practical and reasonable, including, but not limited
to, by way of responding in a prompt manner to Stason’s inquiries, and participating in the Development Committee as described below.
Developers shall provide updates to Stason at Stason’s request on the development of the Product, including future development and
manufacturing plans and will promptly advise Stason of any delays or problems encountered during development of the Product or the manufacturing
process for each such Product.

7

2.3          Stason
shall be permitted to inspect and audit Developer’s development facilities one time in each calendar year (and additionally in the
event of a reasonable need or request by Stason) during normal business hours upon reasonable advance notice of at least thirty (30) business
days. Developers shall not subcontract any of its responsibilities under this Agreement without the prior approval of Stason Developers
shall notify Stason promptly, but in no event later than three business days, after learning that any inspection by FDA or other applicable
governmental authority is being conducted or will be conducted of a Developers facility, or of a facility of a Developers contractor,
being used in connection with the Product. Developers shall provide Stason with copies of any Form FDA 483 or other correspondence
from the FDA or other applicable governmental authority regarding the compliance with Applicable Laws, including cGMP and ICH Guidelines,
within three business days of receipt by Developers (or its contractors) of same.

2.4          Developers
shall be responsible, at its expense, for carrying out all applicable in vitro and in vivo studies required for Regulatory Approval of
the Product. It is currently expected that such studies shall include the following:

2.4.1         Non-clinical single and repeat dose (one month)
toxicity studies in an appropriate test species (i.e. minipig or rat) to support the change (for example the issue of an excipient that
has not been used topically or the exposure is greater than previously used) in the Product

2.4.2         Chronic safety studies, in an appropriate species,
depending on the outcome of the non-clinical studies referred to in section 2.4.1 above

2.4.3         Acute dermal irritation studies in rabbits to
support the change

2.4.4         Accelerated and real time stability studies

2.4.5         Pilot Human Fasting Pharmacokinetic study measuring
lidocaine in the plasma

2.5          Stason
shall be responsible for conducting all pivotal human clinical studies for the Product. It is expected that such studies shall include
the following:

2.5.1         Fasting Pharmacokinetic study measuring lidocaine
in the plasma (standard 90% confidence interval, reporting of the apparent dose delivered).

2.5.2         Skin Irritation/Sensitization study

2.5.3         Adhesion analysis

2.5.4         Photo-toxicity and photo-allergy studies

2.6          Stason
shall be responsible for all regulatory filings, correspondence and meetings with the FDA (or any other applicable Governmental Authority)
associated with preparing and filing the NDA, including

2.6.1         Requesting and managing a pre-IND meeting with
the FDA

2.6.2         Preparing and filing the IND with the FDA

8

2.7          Developers
agrees to cooperate fully with Stason in connection with Stason’s carrying out the additional in vivo studies, and will promptly
provide Stason, as requested and at no additional charge, such technical and other assistance, including all available information and
data in its control, that is reasonably necessary or useful for Stason to conduct the human clinical studies.

2.8          Stason
agrees to cooperate fully with Developers in connection with Developers carrying out their development responsibilities and will promptly
provide Developers, as requested and at no additional charge, such technical and regulatory assistance, that is reasonably necessary or
useful for Developers to carry out their development responsibilities in accordance with U.S. regulatory requirements.

2.9          The
Parties acknowledge that the development activities listed under Section 2.3 – 2.6 will be the proposal that is made to the
FDA. If, as a result of the pre-IND meeting the FDA requires or recommends any additional studies be performed then the parties will negotiate
and mutually agree on which Party will perform the additional studies and how the cost of such studies shall be borne by the Parties.

2.10        If
the FDA at any time subsequent to the FDA’s recommendations in connection with the pre-IND meeting imposes a requirement for studies
to be conducted that are additional to those specified in this Article 2, the parties shall negotiate in good faith to reach mutual
agreement on which Party shall conduct such additional studies and how the cost of such studies shall be borne by the Parties. Anything
else in the agreement notwithstanding, no Party shall be obligated to conduct or pay for any such additional studies required by the FDA
unless and until the parties have mutually agreed upon the allocation of responsibility for conducting and paying for such studies.

ARTICLE 3.   DEVELOPMENT COMMITTEE

3.1          Development
Committee. Promptly after the Effective Date, the Parties will form a committee (the “Development Committee”) to
be comprised of an equal number of representatives from each of Developers and Stason. All members appointed by Stason shall have, collectively,
one vote on the Development Committee, and all members appointed by Developers shall have, collectively, one vote on the Development Committee.
The chairperson of the Development Committee shall be a Stason representative, and each Party shall have the right from time to time to
substitute new members, on a permanent or temporary basis, for any of its previously designated members of the Development Committee by
providing notice to the other Party. Each Party shall bear its own costs associated with participation in the Development Committee.

3.2          Purpose and Responsibilities of the Development Committee. The Development Committee shall oversee the development of the
Products, including establishing a timetable for the development and the occurrence of milestones, in each case as is consistent
with the obligations of each party under this Agreement, and such other matters as are provided to the Development Committee by
mutual agreement of the Parties. The Parties shall keep each other informed of their respective status through the Development
Committee. The Development Committee shall not have any authority to impose financial, cost or other obligations on either Party in
excess of those expressly set forth in this Agreement unless expressly consented to in writing by such Party.

9

3.3          Development
Committee Meetings. During the term of this Agreement, the Development Committee shall meet within thirty (30) days of
the Effective Date, and at least once each calendar quarter thereafter or at such other frequency as the Development Committee agrees.
The Parties shall meet on a date and time and at a location agreed to by the Development Committee. Upon written notice by either Party
to the other that a meeting is required or requested, a meeting will be held within thirty (30) calendar days of such notice on a
date and time and at a location to be agreed upon by the Parties, or sooner if warranted by the circumstances. Notice requesting such
a meeting shall include adequate information describing the activity to be reviewed. Any meetings of the Development Committee may be
held in person at a location to be agreed to by the Parties, or by videoconference or teleconference. A reasonable number of additional
representatives of either Party including outside consultants and independent contractors (subject to confidentiality agreements and the
other Party’s reasonable consent) may attend meetings of the Development Committee in a non-voting capacity. At least one (1) week
prior to any meeting of the Development Committee, each Party shall provide the other with a proposed agenda of the matters to be discussed
at such meeting. Within thirty (30) days after each meeting, the Development Committee chairperson will provide the Parties with
a written report describing, in reasonable detail, the status of each Product, a summary of the results and progress to date, the issues
requiring resolution and the agreed resolution of previously reported issues.

ARTICLE 4.   REGULATORY

4.1          Ownership
and Maintenance. The Regulatory Approvals, and associated applications, for each Product shall be owned exclusively by Stason
and Stason shall maintain such Regulatory Approvals during the term of this Agreement at its own expense.

4.2          Regulatory
Approvals and Applications.

4.2.1         Stason shall have the sole right and responsibility
to file for Regulatory Approval in the Territory and to communicate with the FDA and all other applicable Regulatory Authorities in the
Territory relating to the Regulatory Approval of Product or submission for Regulatory Approval, and Developers shall not submit material
to the FDA or any Regulatory Authority in the Territory related to a Product without Stason’s prior written approval.

4.2.2         Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement,
Stason shall have sole control of and responsibility (including expenses) for preparing any patent certifications to the FDA as required
in connection with seeking Regulatory Approval pursuant to Section 505 (21 USC sec. 355) of the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and
Stason shall have sole control and responsibility (including expenses) related to preparing and sending the associated notice letters
in connection with the Regulatory Approval applications for the Product and the prosecution and/or defense of any citizen’s petition
associated therewith, in each case as may be applicable in the Territory.

4.2.3         Developers shall
fully support and cooperate with Stason in its efforts to assemble and submit applications for Regulatory Approval for the Product
and in pursuing Regulatory Approvals for the Product. In connection therewith, Developers shall draft those portions of the
application for Regulatory Approval associated with Developer’s development responsibilities. Developers will promptly provide
Stason such technical and other assistance, including all available Product Information and data in its control, reasonably
necessary or useful for Stason to apply for, obtain, and maintain Regulatory Approvals and to market, sell or otherwise
commercialize the Product throughout the Territory. As may be requested by Stason, Developers shall provide any necessary documents
in CTD format.

4.2.4         Developers shall assist as reasonably requested
by Stason in communications to applicable Regulatory Authorities and all activities relating to Regulatory Approvals for the Product,
including assisting Stason in responding to any Regulatory Authority request relating to Product, API, or facilities used in, or proposed
for use in, the development or manufacture of Product or API. Developers will not respond to the FDA or other Regulatory Authority regarding
Product without Stason’s prior written approval.

10

4.3          Regulatory
Expenses. Stason shall bear sole responsibility for all expenses associated with preparing, filing and prosecuting applications
for Regulatory Approval for the Product in the Territory, including the prosecution or defense of any associated citizen petitions. Stason
shall be responsible for all filing fees required by the FDA or other regulatory authorities, and for all associated duplication and other
of its document preparation and handling costs associated with making the regulatory filing in the Territory.

ARTICLE 5.   API

5.1          API
Supply. During the Term, Developers shall have the responsibility for sourcing and providing API for the manufacturing of development
and commercial quantities of the Product and shall provide all such API required for development and for commercial supply of Product.
It is expected that Developers shall acquire API from Moehs Iberica, S.L. of Barcelona, Spain. Developers shall enter into a supply agreement
with the API supplier within six (6) months of the execution of this Agreement Stason shall have the right to review and approve
any such API agreement prior to Developers entering into such agreement. Any other API supplier must be approved by Stason in writing,
prior to sourcing, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld.

5.2          Criteria
for API Quality and for API Supplier. Without limitation, the following criteria shall apply in connection with the supply
of API:

5.2.1         Subject to Section 5.2.7, Developers shall
insure that all API used in the manufacture of each Product is manufactured in accordance with cGMP and all Applicable Laws by a vendor
with a successful history in meeting FDA requirement at the facility supplying the API.

5.2.2         Subject to Section 5.2.7, Developers shall
insure that all API is consistent with the Product Specifications, and meets the requirements of the applicable Regulatory Approval (or
associated application prior to approval) and is in compliance with applicable compendial (e.g. United States Pharmacopeia) specifications
for such API.

5.2.3         Developers shall store and handle such API in
accordance with all applicable Regulatory Approvals, Applicable Laws and compendial requirements, and the Product Specifications.

5.2.4         Developers shall insure that the DMF for the
API is timely prepared and submitted; and that the DMF is maintained in good standing with the FDA during the Term, including such annual
filings with the FDA as are required.

11

5.2.5         Developers shall obtain from the API vendor
such letters of authorization for Stason in order for the FDA to access the DMF for the API to the extent necessary to support seeking,
obtaining and maintaining Regulatory Approvals for the Product in the Territory.

5.2.6         At Stason’s request, Developers shall
provide reasonable assistance to Stason and all materials, methods, records, and information in its possession related to the API to assist
Stason in seeking, obtaining, and maintaining Regulatory Approvals for the Product, and will require the API vendor to provide reasonable
assistance to Stason and supply to Stason all materials, methods, records, and information related to the API to Stason as may be necessary
in seeking, obtaining and maintaining Regulatory Approvals for Product.

5.2.7         Stason’s recourse to Developers in connection
with the criteria set forth in Sections 5.2.1, 5.2.2, 5.2.4, 5.2.5, shall only apply and shall be limited to the extent that Stason
does not have direct contractual recourse to the API Supplier.

5.3          Qualification
of Secondary API Supplier. The Parties agree to cooperate with each other and provide all reasonable assistance to each other,
at either Party’s request, to qualify a Secondary API Supplier, including, as may be applicable or relevant, executing other documents,
providing all materials, methods and information in its possession related to such API, and doing all other things reasonably requested
by the Parties that are required to qualify such Secondary API Supplier to supply API for the Product under all applicable Regulatory
Approvals and Applicable Laws including applicable FDA requirements, cGMP and the requirements of any other applicable Governmental Authority.

5.4          Information.
Developers shall provide a copy of such API supply agreements it enters into and under or pursuant to which API will be used to manufacture
the Product. Developers shall cooperate with Stason and its legal counsel in assessing and avoiding infringement of third party Intellectual
Properly in connection with the supply of API, and Developers shall provide access to Stason to all relevant technical information related
to the API and its process of manufacture in order for such assessment to be made. Such access shall be subject to Stason entering into
a reasonable and appropriate confidentiality agreement with such API manufacturer, which Developers shall facilitate.

ARTICLE 6.   SUPPLY

6.1          Development
Supply. Developers shall supply Stason with its requirements of Product for the purposes stipulated in Article 2 at no
cost to Stason, as and when reasonably required by Stason.

6.2          Developers
shall supply Stason with its commercial requirements of Product for the Territory as and when reasonably required by Stason. Such Product
shall be supplied at the Transfer Price. Developers Acquisition Cost shall be determined and subject to adjustment on an annual basis.
It is currently expected that the Developers Acquisition shall be approximately […***…] per sheet in finished and fully
packaged form ready for commercial sale and that the Exporting Expenses shall be approximately […***…] per sheet, for a
Transfer Price of […***…] per sheet in finished and fully packaged form ready for commercial sale.. Such Product shall be
delivered to Stason CIP to main airports in the Territory as designated by Stason.

12

6.3          Without
limiting Developers obligation to supply under Section 6.2, The Parties shall enter into a commercial supply agreement within six
(6) of the execution of this Agreement in order to further clarify the elements, including but not limited to purchase orders, supply
times, delivery terms, payment terms for finished product, acceptance and rejections of finished product, inspections and regulatory matters
and other supply terms.

6.4          Facility
Updates. Stason acknowledges that Oishi’s facility has not currently been inspection by the FDA and Oishi acknowledges
that its facility must pass an FDA inspection in order for the FDA to approve Oishi as a manufacturing site for the Product. As such,
Stason will audit Oishi’s facilities and provide a list of updates and activities that Stason believes are needed for Oishi’s
facility to pass an FDA inspection. Oishi will complete these updates and activities within six (6) months of Stason filing the Product
with the FDA (the “FACILITY UPDATES. If Oishi is unable to complete FACILITY UPDATES then Stason shall have the right to transfer
the Product to a third party manufacturer and Oishi will assist Stason with this transfer. Each Party will bear all of its own costs and
expenses required to perform its obligations under this Section 6.4.

6.5          Documentation.
Developers shall deliver an appropriate COA with all Product delivered to Stason.

ARTICLE 7.   FINANCIAL PROVISIONS

7.1          Development
Costs and Expenses. Except as explicitly provided in this Agreement, each party shall be solely responsible for all costs and
expenses associated with carrying out its responsibilities under this Agreement.

7.2          Royalty.
Stason shall pay a royalty of […***…] of Net Profits to Oishi and […***…] of Net Profits to Itochu. Stason
shall pay Oishi and Itochu their respective royalties quarterly within forty-five (45) days of the end of each applicable quarter
in which Product is sold. Each quarterly payment to Oishi and Itochu shall include data and information on the amount of Marketing Expenses,
Net Profits and Net Sales, with materials supporting such data and information (which materials are not required to be prepared by accountants
but may be materials prepared for Stason’s internal use), In the event that the Net Profit for any of the first four calendar quarters
after Commercial Launch equals a negative amount (“Net Loss”), then Stason shall be permitted to carry over such Net
Loss to apply against future calendar quarters until such Net Losses are recovered, all calculated in accordance with United States GAAP.

7.3          Sublicense
Fees. Stason shall pay a royalty on any licensing fees received by Stason from a sublicensee of […***…] of such
licensing fee to Oishi and […***…] of such licensing fee to Itochu. Stason shall pay Oishi and Itochu their respective
royalties within forty-five (45) days of receipt of such licensing fee by Stason.

7.4          Records.

7.4.1         Each Party, shall
keep and maintain or cause to be maintained books and records pertaining to its activities in connection with this Agreement,
including, Such books and records) shall be maintained in accordance with GAAP and with all records and details necessary to enable
the other party to verify compliance with the financial obligations under this Agreement. With respect to Developers, such books and
records shall also include any documentation regarding API included in the Product to verify compliance with Section 5.2.

13

7.4.2         Stason shall provide Oishi and Itochu the quarterly
data and information on the amount of Marketing Expenses, Net Profits and Net Sales, with materials supporting such data and information
within thirty (30) days of the end of each applicable quarter in which Product is sold.

7.4.3         Each Party shall have the right once per calendar
year, at its own expense, during the term of this Agreement and for two (2) years thereafter, to have an independent public accountant,
acceptable to the other Party acting reasonably, audit the relevant financial books and records of account of during normal business hours,
upon reasonable advance notice, to determine or verify the compliance with the applicable financial provisions of this Agreement, to the
extent applicable. If errors are found, any deficiency shall be paid within thirty (30) days of the receipt and acceptance of the
auditors report, and if errors of the greater of five percent (5%) or $10,000 or more in the auditing party’s favor are discovered
as a result of such audit the Party being audited shall reimburse the other Party the direct expense of such audit. Each auditor must
sign a confidentiality agreement with the party being audited and may only disclose to the other Party the amount of any discrepancy,
and the associated source of the error. No auditor may be employed on a contingency basis, and each auditor shall have experience in auditing
in the pharmaceutical business in the United States.

7.5          Accounting.
The Parties acknowledge that any expenses or costs deducted from Net Sales under this Agreement may be based upon accruals, which accruals
will be compliant and in accordance with GAAP consistently applied; provided that such accruals shall be adjusted based upon actual amounts
on a rolling basis as and when known relative to any accrued amount, and any difference between the actual results and the accrual shall
be reported and accounted for. Within one (1) year after the termination or expiration of this Agreement, a final reconciliation
shall be performed (and a written report of such reconciliation shall be provided) of the deductions made, pursuant to the definition
of Net Sales, and of the amounts payable. The reconciliation shall be based on all actual amounts known through the date that is ten (10) months
following the applicable termination or expiration date versus prior accruals. No further reconciliations shall be made. Such final reconciliation
shall be based on the amount accrued for returned product in Stason’s audited financial statements issued most recently before such
ten (10) month date (or in the work papers underlying such financial statements, as confirmed by a Stason’s auditors); provided
that such amounts must (a) be based upon reasonable assumptions and (b) be consistent with past accounting practices and in
accordance with GAAP consistently applied. If any reconciliation between accruals and the actual results under this Section 7.5 show
either an underpayment or an overpayment, the Party having made the underpayment or received the overpayment shall pay the undisputed
amount of the difference to the other within thirty (30) days after the date of delivery of the report of such reconciliation. In
the event that such reconciliation shows an underpayment or overpayment, the Party having made the underpayment or received the overpayment
shall have the right to review and discuss the written report with the other Party during the 30 days after the delivery of such
report. In the event that the Party having made the underpayment or received the overpayment disputes the written report after such review
and discussion, such Party shall have the right to have the report audited consistent with the audit rights and pursuant to the procedures
set forth in Section 7.5.

14

ARTICLE 8.
COMPLIANCE STANDARDS

8.1          Development
Compliance. During the Term, Developers shall comply with, and shall require compliance by its Third Party contractors with
all Applicable Laws in the conduct of all activities associated with the Product, including in the practice of all associated analytical
methods. During the Term, Developers shall be fully responsible to Stason for all activities (actions or inactions) of any contractor
that Developers may employ as if Developers had conducted such activities itself. Each of Itochu and Oishi shall not employ any contractor
in connection with this Agreement without Stason’s prior written consent.

8.2          Warranties
by Developers. Developers hereby warrants, covenants and agrees that:

8.2.1         All API supplied shall be manufactured, Packaged,
tested, stored and handled in accordance with the Product Specifications, all Applicable Law in connection with seeking to Regulatory
Approval for, and sale for human use of the Product in the Territory. Developers further covenants that the API contained in such Product
shall conform to the then current version of the applicable drug master file on file with the FDA.

8.2.2         All deliveries of API shall be accompanied by
all documentation required under Applicable Law and applicable Regulatory Approvals in order for Stason to utilize such API in the Product
pursuant to the applicable Regulatory Approval.

8.2.3         Developers will not violate the trade secrets,
Know-How, confidential information or other proprietary rights of any Third Party in developing the Products; and the manufacture of the
Products by or on behalf of Developers and the supply of the Products to Stason by or through Developers will not violate the trade secrets,
Know- How, confidential information or other proprietary rights of any Third Party. Issued Product Patents is not covered by such warrants
as described in 11.4.

8.2.4         As of each date that the Product manufactured
by Developers is delivered to Stason, (a) such Product shall (i) be of good, merchantable and usable quality, unadulterated,
(ii) conform to the Product Specifications, (iii) have been manufactured in accordance with cGMP and all Applicable Laws and
(iv) have shelf life of not less than twenty-one (21) months remaining before the labeled expiration date; and (b) Developers
shall have obtained all approvals required by the applicable Governmental Authorities for manufacture of the Product at the manufacturing
facility where the Product is manufactured.

8.3          Warranties
by Stason. Stason hereby warrants and covenants and agrees that:

8.3.1         Stason will comply with all Applicable Laws
applicable to its activities under this Agreement; and

8.3.2         No Stason employees or other persons performing
services on behalf of Stason under this Agreement have been debarred under Section 306 of the United States Food, Drug, and Cosmetic
Act.

15

ARTICLE 9.   LICENSE GRANTS; EXCLUSIVITIES

9.1          License
Grant.

9.1.1         Each of Oishi and Itochu hereby appoint Stason
as their respective exclusive distributor of Product in the Territory. On condition that the Commercial Launch occurs within the term
of this Agreement, and until the expiration or termination of this Agreement, each of Oishi and Itochu hereby grants to Stason an exclusive
(even as to each of Oishi and Itochu), royalty-free, sublicensable (subject to Section 9.2), license for the Territory, under its
current and future Intellectual Property rights related to the Product and any current and future Intellectual Property rights owned by
either or both of Oishi that pertain to the API for the Product, to develop, handle, import, market, have marketed, promote, distribute,
make, have made use, sell and have sold Product (including all components and ingredients thereof) in the Territory.

9.1.2         Stason’s right to sublicense under this
Agreement is subject to Stason notifying Developers of sublicense candidates and the prior written approval by Developers, which shall
not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.

9.1.3         For purposes of clarity, and in order for Stason
to fully enjoy the commercial value of the exclusive rights associated with the Product granted herein, the exclusive license granted
to Stason includes grant of rights to use patents and the associated rights to enforcement, as further provided in Article 13, against
Third Parties that may (or may attempt to) make, have made, use, have used, sell, have sold, import or have imported, or otherwise market
or commercialize any infringing product in the Territory, including the right to collect damages associated with any lost profits of Stason
as the exclusive licensee.

9.2          Exclusivity.

9.2.1         Except as pursuant to this Agreement, each of
Itochu and Oishi and its Affiliates shall not (i) develop, market, sell, manufacture, supply, distribute, make or use the Product
or any other lidocaine topical product for sale or distribution in the Territory, or (ii) sell or distribute the Product or any-
lidocaine topical product outside the Territory to any Third Party if it knows or has reason to know that such product will be sold or
distributed in the Territory, or (iii) assist or license a Third Party to do any of the above mentioned (i), (ii) or (iii) of
clause 9.2 during the term of this Agreement. Developers shall be allowed to use any and all data and information generated by Developers
associated with the Product development to license to any Third Party outside of the Territory in order that such Third Party shall be
able to market, sell or distribute the lidocaine topicall products outside of the Territory at no charge to Developers. Stason shall notify
Developers and Developers shall consent in writing prior to Stason transferring or selling to any Third Party any data regarding the Product
developed by Stason.

9.2.2         Stason and its Affiliates shall not sell, market
are distribute a lidocaine tape or patch product in the Territory except the Product developed under this Agreement.

16

ARTICLE 10.   COMMERCIALIZATION

10.1        Marketing,
Sales and Distribution Obligations.

10.1.1       Stason will consult
with Developers in good faith concerning the timing of commercial launch of the Product, including in the case of any delays or
decisions not to launch. Stason will endeavor in good faith to commercially launch the Product in the Territory as soon as
reasonably practicable after obtaining final Regulatory Approval from the FDA to market Product in the Territory and after all
pre-launch activities are completed. The foregoing notwithstanding, the Parties agree that Stason will have the ultimate
decision-making authority on the timing of the Commercial Launch for the Product, including the decision to not launch the Product,
based upon Stason’s evaluation of market conditions, legal obligations and concerns, including any regulatory, Intellectual
Property or product liability disputes or issues, manufacturing preparedness, and Regulatory Approvals.

10.1.2       Following commercial launch Stason shall use
Commercially Reasonable Efforts to, market, forecast, distribute and profitably sell Product, in the Territory during the Term. Ultimate
responsibility and decision-making control with regard to marketing and pricing of such Product shall belong solely to Stason. Anything
else in this Agreement notwithstanding, Stason shall not have any obligation to sell the Product at a loss or to launch, market, distribute
or sell Product in the face of any regulatory, Intellectual Property or product liability disputes or issues, or in the absence of adequate
supply of API and/or the Product.

10.1.3       Sublicense Rights – Subject to Section 9.1.2,
Stason may sublicense the sales, marketing and distribution of the Product to a third party (“Sublicensee”)

10.2        Label.
The label for the Product shall be a Stason Label or that of a Sublicensee in accordance with Stason’s customary practices and Applicable
Laws. At Oishi’s request, Oishi will be included on the label as the manufacturer of the Product. Developers will not sell or offer
for sale any product bearing a Stason Label.

ARTICLE 11.   INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

11.1        General
Ownership. Except as explicitly provided for in this Agreement, each Party shall own its own Intellectual Property consistent
with U.S. law.

11.2        Patent
Prosecution.

11.2.1       (a) The Parties shall cooperate in good faith
to determine whether to seek or continue to seek or to maintain patent protection in the Territory with respect to any the Product, the
API, or any associated method of use, or method of manufacturing, or any other invention that could reasonably be expected to affect the
Commercialization or value of the Product in the Territory (collectively, “Inventions”). Developers shall have the first right
to pursue patent protection for any Invention that is invented by Developers.

11.2.2       In connection therewith, Developers shall promptly
provide Stason with copies of all correspondence to and from the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, as well as any related demand,
notice and summons, that relates to such Inventions.

11.2.3       Each Party, and its employees and agents, shall
provide the other Party and its legal representatives with reasonable assistance and cooperation with respect to such Patent prosecution,
including entering into any joint defense and/or joint privilege agreement that may be reasonably requested by such Party and Developers
shall consider in good faith all reasonable suggestions of Stason and its patent counsel related thereto.

11.2.4       Developers’s
patent prosecution and maintenance expenses associated with Developers Patents including the filing of any patent term extensions,
shall be borne by Developers; prosecution- and maintenance-related expenses incurred by Stason in connection with its review and
consultation concerning any Developers Patents, including Developers’s filing of any patent term extensions, shall be borne by
Stason. Developers will timely apply for any applicable patent term extensions.

17

11.2.5       Stason agrees to cooperate fully in the preparation,
filing prosecution and maintenance of any Developers’s Patents in the Territory under this Agreement, and in the obtaining and maintenance
of any patent extensions and the like with respect to any Developers’s Patent.

11.2.6       If Developers elects (i) to abandon the
prosecution or maintenance of any Developers’s Patent under which Stason has a license hereunder, or (ii) elects not to file
a patent application in the Territory for any Invention, then Developers shall promptly notify Stason in writing at least sixty (60) days
before the abandonment or applicable filing deadline therefore, and Stason shall have the right, upon providing written notice to Developers
of Stason’s election to do so, at Stason’s expense, to file, prosecute, continue prosecution and/or maintenance, as applicable,
of such Developers’s Patent. In such case, Stason shall keep Developers reasonably informed on matters regarding such filing, prosecution
and maintenance, including by providing Developers with a copy of any and all correspondence between Stason and the U.S. Patent and
Trademark Office, providing Developers with sufficient time to review and comment on such communications (excluding any non substantive
correspondence or communications), and Stason shall consider in good faith the requests and suggestions of Developers with respect to
such communications with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. With respect to the activities set forth in this Section 11.7
that are continued by Stason, Developers shall provide a power of attorney and relevant files and other information owned or controlled
by Developers pertaining to such Developers’s Patents or Program Developments, as soon as reasonably practical after receiving such
written election by Stason.

11.3        Possible
Infringement of Either Party’s Intellectual Property by Third Parties. The Parties agree to cooperate with one another
in good faith to prosecute and defend against any and all Third Parties that market or seek to market any product that competes or would
compete with the Product in the Territory and that infringe applicable Intellectual Property owned or controlled by a Party hereto, including
to prosecute such Intellectual Property, to collect damages reflecting each of the Parties’ respective losses associated with this
exclusive relationship regarding the Product under such Intellectual Property and/or to defend against any declaratory judgment actions
concerning such Intellectual Property owned or controlled by a Party hereto.

All amounts awarded as profits or otherwise in
connection with any action specified in this Section 11.3 shall be deemed to be Net Profits, subject to split pursuant to Section 7.2
after the fees, costs and expenses (including all attorney’s fees) of each Party in respect of the Proceeding have first been reimbursed
from such amounts.

18

11.4        Claims
by Third Parties. To the extent that (i) any Third Party asserts patent infringement in the Territory regarding the
Product or (ii) there are any FDA regulatory claims or FDA proceedings against Stason or Developers or any of their Affiliates,
regarding the Product in the Territory or the NDA for such Product (including, for example, citizen petitions, but explicitly
excluding Proceedings related to product liability and any other Proceeding subject to indemnification under Article 14),
Stason shall have sole control in addressing, defending, managing and conducting such claims or assertions, any related litigation
and any settlement or settlement negotiations thereof (collectively “Litigation”), using counsel of its choice. In
connection with any such Litigation, Developers shall fully cooperate with Stason and Stason’s counsel. If Developers is named
in any such Litigation, Developers shall become a client of Stason’s legal counsel and agrees that such legal counsel will act
solely under the instruction of Stason. Developers shall sign a waiver with such legal counsel to that effect Developer’s full
support of Stason’s legal counsel shall not obligate Developers in any way to pay Stason’s legal counsel for any
expenses incurred during such litigation. Developers may additionally employ its own legal counsel, at its own cost, to advise
Developers, and Stason and its legal counsel shall make themselves reasonably available to consult with such counsel, and will
consider the input from such counsel in good faith. Stason’s legal counsel shall keep Developers, or Developer’s own
legal counsel (employed by Developers at its own expense), reasonably informed with respect to material events in the progress of
such Litigation and in support of the foregoing, and respond to inquiries by Developers regarding such Litigation, to the extent
permissible under any applicable protective order, and disclose to Developers or Developer’s own legal counsel upon request,
the Litigation strategy, status, and all material decisions issued by the courts in such matters. Stason and Developers and their
respective Affiliates shall, and each of Stason and Developers shall cause its Affiliates to, cooperate with each other in relation
to Litigation matters and when reasonably practical shall discuss, consult and participate with each other on the course of action
to be followed. Stason shall bear all expenses, costs, fees, including its own attorney’s fees and any award of damages or
litigation costs associated with Litigation in connection with this Section 11.2.3 (but not the costs and expenses of
Developer’s own counsel). Stason shall not enter into any settlement of Litigation (“Settlement”) that requires
Developers to pay, without the prior written consent of Developers. Stason shall not enter into any Settlement that admits to the
invalidity or unenforceability of any Issued Product Patents, without the prior written consent of Developers. Stason will provide
to Developers a copy of any Settlement agreement entered into by Stason, subject to Developers entering into an appropriate
confidentiality agreement. Stason will not enter into any Settlement that provides cash payments to Stason by the plaintiff, without
Developer’s prior written consent. Developers shall not enter into any settlement, agreement, consent judgment or other
voluntary final disposition of any proceeding or threatened proceeding relating to the Product without the prior written consent of
Stason. Prior to entering into any Settlement and promptly, but no later than three business days after receiving a proposal
regarding a Settlement, Stason shall consult in good faith with Developers regarding such Settlement.

11.5        Cooperation.
Each Party agrees to promptly notify the other of any potential infringement of Third Party Intellectual Property rights by the making,
using or selling of Product, as it may become aware of such potential infringement, and to cooperate in addressing such potential infringement
issues. With respect to all development work conducted following the Effective Date, Developers agrees to cooperate with Stason and Stason’s
legal counsel, on the basis as set out at Section 2.1 et. seq. and 5.4 so as to avoid infringement of any Intellectual Property Controlled
by a Third Party.

19

ARTICLE 12.   CONFIDENTIALITY AND PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

12.1        Confidential
Information. It is recognized by the Parties that, during the Term of this Agreement, the Parties will exchange
Confidential Information. Stason agrees that it shall not disclose or use for Stason personal benefit (other than pursuant to this
Agreement) or for the benefit of any third person Confidential Information received from Developers. Each of Itochu and Oishi agree
that it shall not disclose or use for it’s personal benefit (other than pursuant to this Agreement) or for the benefit of any
third person Confidential Information received from Stason.

This does not apply to:

(a)

information which was already in the public domain at the time of signature.

(b)

information which becomes a part of the public domain by publication or otherwise, except by breach of this Agreement.

(c)

information which a Party can establish by proof in its possession before the Effective Date and was not acquired directly or indirectly from the other Party.

(d)

information received by the Receiving Party free of an obligation of confidentiality from a source rightfully having possession of and the right to disclose such information free of an obligation of confidentiality.

(e)

Information independently developed by employees or agents of the Receiving Party without the use of Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party.

(f)

Information that is required to be disclosed by law or by a requirement of a regulatory body.

12.2        Notwithstanding
the above, nothing contained in this Agreement shall preclude Developers from utilizing Confidential Information as may be necessary for
prosecuting patent rights related to the Product pursuant to Article 11, or Stason obtaining Regulatory Approvals, or in manufacturing
or otherwise obtaining supply of the Product pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. The obligations of the Parties relating
to Confidential Information shall expire ten (10) years after the termination of this Agreement.

ARTICLE 13.   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

13.1        Developers
Representations. Each of Itochu and Oishi hereby represent, warrant and covenant that:

13.1.1       It is a company duly organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation;

13.1.2       It has the power and authority to enter into
and be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder and to execute this Agreement on behalf
of itself and its Affiliates and to so bind itself and its Affiliates to the terms and conditions of this Agreement;

13.1.3       It has taken all necessary action on its part
to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement and this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of itself
and its Affiliates and constitutes a legal, valid, binding obligation, enforceable against itself and its Affiliates in accordance with
its terms;

20

13.1.4       It is subject to no legal, contractual or other
restrictions, limitations or conditions which conflict with its rights and obligations under this Agreement or which would reasonably
be expected to affect adversely its ability to perform hereunder;

13.1.5       It will not (i) promise, offer, or give
(and has not promised, offered or given) anything of value to any government employee or individual acting in an official capacity for
the purpose of securing any improper or undue advantage, (ii) accept or receive (and has not accepted or received) any unlawful contributions,
payments, expenditures, or gifts, (iii) do (and has not done) business with any country or person that is the subject of sanctions
imposed or administered by the U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control or the UN Security Council or any
governmental agency in a jurisdiction in which SOBI is organized or doing business; or (iv) violate (and has not violated) any applicable
U.S. or other export restriction, anti-boycott regulation, or other applicable laws.

13.2        Stason
Representations. Stason represents and warrants that:

13.2.1       Stason is a company duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation;

13.2.2       Stason has the power and authority to enter
into and be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder;

13.2.3       Stason has taken all necessary action on its
part to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement and this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of Stason
and constitutes a legal, valid, binding obligation, enforceable against Stason in accordance with its terms; and

13.2.4       Stason is subject to no legal, contractual
or other restrictions, limitations or conditions which conflict with its rights and obligations under this Agreement or which would reasonably
be expected to affect adversely its ability to perform hereunder.

13.2.5       Stason will not (i) promise, offer, or
give (and has not promised, offered or given) anything of value to any government employee or individual acting in an official capacity
for the purpose of securing any improper or undue advantage, (ii) accept or receive (and has not accepted or received) any unlawful
contributions, payments, expenditures, or gifts, (iii) do (and has not done) business with any country or person that is the subject
of sanctions imposed or administered by the U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control or the UN Security
Council or any governmental agency in a jurisdiction in which SOBI is organized or doing business; or (iv) violate (and has not violated)
any applicable U.S. or other export restriction, anti-boycott regulation, or other applicable laws.

ARTICLE 14.   INDEMNIFICATION

14.1        Stason
Indemnification. Stason shall at all times during the term of this Agreement and thereafter indemnify, defend and hold
Developers, its officers, directors, employees, agents and Affiliates (“Developers Parties”), and the successors and
assigns of the foregoing, harmless from and against all expenses, damages, costs and liabilities of any kind whatsoever, including
legal expenses and reasonable attorneys’ fees, payable to third parties as a result of a Third Party claim, suit, or cause of
action (collectively, the Developers Parties’ “Losses”) arising out of a breach by Stason of any representation,
warranty or obligation of Stason under this Agreement, or by a failure of Stason, or its Affiliates, to comply with all Applicable
Laws during the term of this Agreement, or negligence or willful misconduct of Stason, except to the extent that such Losses arise
solely out of the negligence or willful misconduct or illegal acts of the Developers Parties or are subject to indemnification by
Developers under Section 14.2.

21

14.2        Developers
Indemnification.

14.2.1       Itochu shall at all times during the term of
this Agreement and thereafter indemnify, defend and hold Stason and Oishi, and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents
and Affiliates (“Stason and Oishi Parties”), and the successors and assigns of the foregoing, harmless from all expenses,
damages, costs and liabilities of any kind whatsoever, including legal expenses and reasonable attorneys’ fees, payable to third
parties as a result of a Third Party claim, suit, or cause of action (collectively, the Stason and Oishi Parties’ “Losses”)
arising out of breach by Itochu of any representation, warranty or obligation of Itochu under this Agreement, or by a failure of Itochu,
to comply with all Applicable Laws during the term of this Agreement, or negligence or willful misconduct of Itochu. The foregoing indemnification
shall not apply to the extent that such Losses arise solely out of the negligence or willful misconduct or illegal acts of the Stason
Parties or are subject to indemnification by Stason or are the sole responsibility of Oishi as provided in section 17.16.

14.2.2       Oishi shall at all times during the term of
this Agreement and thereafter indemnify, defend and hold Stason and Itochu and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents
and Affiliates (“Stason and Itochu Parties”), and the successors and assigns of the foregoing, harmless from all expenses,
damages, costs and liabilities of any kind whatsoever, including legal expenses and reasonable attorneys’ fees, payable to third
parties as a result of a Third Party claim, suit, or cause of action (collectively, the Stason and Itochu Parties’ “Losses”)
arising out of a breach by Oishi of any representation, warranty or obligation of Oishi under this Agreement, or by a failure of Oishi,
to comply with all Applicable Laws during the term of this Agreement, or negligence or willful misconduct of Oishi. The foregoing indemnification
shall not apply to the extent that such Losses arise solely out of the negligence or willful misconduct or illegal acts of the Stason
Parties or are subject to indemnification by Stason or are the sole responsibility of Itochu as provided in section 17.16..

14.3        Other
Claims. To the extent either Party incurs any Losses arising from or in connection with any claim based on bodily injury by
the Product that is not otherwise subject to indemnification by a Party under Section 14.1 or 14.2 of this Agreement such Losses
shall be shared according to the profit split in Section 7.2.1 in this Agreement by the Parties. To the extent that any Losses are
subject to indemnification by two or all of the Parties, they shall be apportioned in accordance with each Party’s respective fault.

14.4        Obligations
of the Indemnified Party. Each indemnified Party under this Agreement shall give the indemnifying Party prompt written
notice of any claim it receives, including all particulars of such claim(s) to the extent known to the indemnified Party; provided,
that the failure to give timely notice to the indemnifying Party as contemplated hereby shall not release the indemnifying Party
from any liability to the indemnified Party except to the extent the indemnifying Party is materially prejudiced in defending any
claim by such failure. The indemnified Party shall also give the indemnifying Party the opportunity to assume sole and full control
of the defense and settlement (subject to Section 14.4) of all claims for which it is seeking indemnification. If the
indemnifying Party assumes such control and defends against the Losses, it shall not be responsible for the legal fees of any
attorneys additionally employed by the indemnified Party. If the indemnifying Party refuses to defend, it shall remain liable for
the legal fees of any attorneys additionally employed by the indemnified Party. If the indemnifying Party is not given opportunity
to assume sole and full control of the defense and settlement, then it shall have no liability of the purported indemnified Party
for the associated claim, whether for attorney’s fees, costs, expenses or Losses. The Party not assuming the defense of any
such claim shall render all reasonable assistance to the Party assuming such defense, and all reasonable out-of-pocket costs of such
assistance shall be promptly paid or reimbursed by the indemnifying Party, except that the indemnifying Party shall not have any
obligation to pay additional attorneys fees, should the Indemnified Party choose to retain separate counsel.

22

14.5        Settlement.
Except in case the indemnifying Party refuses to fully defend and hold harmless the indemnified Party against subject losses, in no event
shall the indemnified Party be entitled to settle claims subject to indemnification under this Article 14 without the consent of
the indemnifying Party. The indemnifying Party may settle any claim under this Article 14 on behalf of the indemnified Party with
the consent of the indemnified Party so long as the indemnified Party is not required to make any payments not covered by the indemnifying
Party. For the purposes of clarification, no amounts paid in connection with indemnification of Losses pursuant to this Article 14
shall be deducted from the calculation of Net Profits.

ARTICLE 15.   TERM AND TERMINATION

15.1        Term.
Unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Article 15, the term of this Agreement shall continue in force from the Effective Date
until the date that is 10 years following the Effective Date, except that if a Commercial Launch occurs within ten years from the Effective
Date, the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect until the date that is ten (10) years following the Commercial Launch of
the Product (the “Term”). This Agreement shall automatically renew upon for subsequent successive one (1) year renewal
terms thereafter, unless prior written notice of at least six (6) months is given by one Party to the other indicating that it wishes
this Agreement to terminate and the end of the then current term — in which case this Agreement shall not renew, it shall be deemed
to have been expired without fault, and the termination provisions relating thereto shall apply.

15.2        Termination
for Breach. Either Party may terminate this Agreement or suspend performance under this Agreement upon written notice to the
other Party at any time during the term of this Agreement, if the other Party is in material breach of this Agreement and such other Party
has not cured such material breach within one hundred and eighty (180) days after notice requesting cure of the breach. If a cure
is not capable, the non-breaching Party may terminate this Agreement, or suspend performance under this Agreement, immediately.

15.3        Termination
for Study Failure. In the event that any of the studies listed in Article 2.5 fails, Stason may terminate this Agreement
upon ten (10) days notice.

15.4        Termination
for Refusal to File. In the event that FDA issues a “Refusal To File” for the Product Regulatory Approval
application because of a deficiency arising out of the dossier provided by Developers for the preparation of such application for
Regulatory Approval, Stason shall work together in good faith with Developers and provide Developers one-hundred and eighty
(180) days to cure such problem and so that Stason may re-file an application for Regulatory Approval that addresses the
reasons for the refusal to file If Stason believes in good faith, after reasonable consultation with Developers after the
aforementioned one hundred eighty (180) days allowed to resolve the problems associated with the “Refusal To File”,
that it is commercially unreasonable to re-file, Stason may terminate this agreement upon thirty (30) days notice to
Developers.

23

15.5        Termination
for Efficacy Study Requirement. In the event that FDA determines that the formulation of the Product would not be eligible
for final Regulatory Approval in the absence of efficacy studies, either Party may terminate this Agreement upon one hundred eighty (180) days
notice to the other Parties during which time, Developers shall have the right to work in good faith to address the efficacy study requirements
with the FDA and if successful, then the Agreement shall continue to be in force.

15.6        Termination
Regarding Economic Viability. If at any time during the Term market conditions in the Territory are such that

(a)

total Net Profits (excluding the deduction for reimbursement of legal expenses) reach a level that is equal to or less than five percent (5%) of Stason’s (and its Affiliates’) Net Sales of the Products and such conditions persist for a period of four (4) or more consecutive quarters, or

(b)

the Product’s economic viability is affected significantly as evidenced by documentation and substantial information by any external circumstance deemed to be detrimental to both Stason and Developers and agreed to by both Parties,

then the Parties shall immediately, at either Party’s
request, in good faith meet and discuss the terms of the Agreement in an attempt to resolve the Parties’ concerns in a mutually
acceptable manner. If after a period of thirty (30) days of such good-faith discussions the Parties are unable to reach an agreement
resolving such concerns, either Party shall have the right to immediately terminate the Agreement upon giving prior written notice to
the other Party, and if Stason shall terminate the Agreement, Stason shall discontinue sales of the Product after all inventories are
sold and such sales shall continue to be subject to the profit split provided in this Agreement.

15.7        Termination
right for Failure to Submit Application. In the event that Stason fails to file for regulatory approval for the Product within
three (3) months of the date on which all passing reports of studies required by the FDA are received, all required stability results
are received by Stason and all required components of the Regulatory Approval application are received by Stason, and Developers has provided
constant and continual support, and all studies required by the FDA have been successful, Developers may terminate this Agreement upon
thirty (30) days prior written notice.

15.8        Termination
right for Failure to Agree. In connection with Section 2.9, in the event the Parties are unable to reach mutual agreement
as to who shall conduct the study(ies) and how the cost shall be allocated within sixty-days of learning of the request for such studies
from the FDA then either Party may terminate upon thirty (30) days prior written notice.

24

15.9        Termination
for Bankruptcy. Either Party may immediately terminate this Agreement upon written notice to the other Parties if the other
Party becomes insolvent, admits in writing its inability to pay debts as they become due, is liquidated, dissolved or ceases to conduct
business, makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or files or has filed against it a petition in bankruptcy or reorganization
proceedings.

15.10      Reversion
of Rights to Developers upon Termination.

15.10.1     In the event that Stason terminates this Agreement
pursuant to Section 15.3, 15.5, 15.6, 15.7 or 15.8, or this Agreement is terminated by Developers pursuant to Section 15.2 or
15.9, all rights of the applicable Product for Territory, including ownership of the Product NDA, shall be transferred to Developers or
its designee, by Stason at Stason’s sole cost and expense immediately, which Developers may then use for its own purposes in its
sole discretion, including in the development, testing, manufacture, distribution and sale of any Products or any Drug Product in the
Territory.

15.10.2     In the event that Stason terminates this Agreement
pursuant to Section 15.2, 15.4 or 15.9, or this Agreement is terminated by Developers pursuant to Section 15.1, Developers shall
hereby grant to Stason an exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty free, sublicensable license to use, make, manufacture, market, distribute
and sell the Product in the Territory.

15.11     Survival.
Articles 1, 7, 12, 14, 15, 16, 17, Sections 4.1, 11.1 and any other provisions necessary and proper to give effect to the intention
of the Parties as to the effect of the Agreement after termination shall survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement. In addition,
unless otherwise expressly set forth herein, no expiration or termination of this Agreement shall have any affect on any payment, obligation
accruing or arising prior to such expiration or termination.

ARTICLE 16.   INSURANCE

16.1        Insurance.
Stason shall obtain and maintain, through self insurance or otherwise, at all times during the term of this Agreement, and for three years
thereafter, prudent comprehensive general liability coverage appropriate to its activities with reputable and financially secure insurance
carriers to cover its activities related to this Agreement. Additionally such insurance coverage shall include, without limitation, product
liability coverage of an appropriate amount, not less than five million US Dollars ($5,000,000) per occurrence and five million US Dollars
($5,000,000) in the aggregate, to be in place prior to the manufacture of any Product that is to be administered to humans. Each of Itochu
and Oishi shall obtain and maintain, through self insurance or otherwise, starting with the manufacture of Product for Commercial Launch
and thereafter through the term of this Agreement, and for three years thereafter, prudent comprehensive general liability coverage appropriate
to its activities with reputable and financially secure insurance carriers to cover its activities related to this Agreement.

ARTICLE 17.   MISCELLANEOUS

17.1        Interpretation
and Construction. Unless the context of this Agreement otherwise requires, (i) the terms “include,”
“includes,” or “including” shall be deemed to be followed by the words “without limitation”
unless otherwise indicated; (ii) words using the singular or plural number also include the other; (iii) the terms
“hereof,” “herein,” “hereby,” and derivative or similar words refer to this entire Agreement;
(iv) the terms “Article,” “Section” and “Exhibit” refer to the specified Article, Section
and Exhibit of this Agreement, and (v) words of any gender include each other gender. Whenever this Agreement refers to a
number of days, unless otherwise specified, such number shall refer to calendar days. The headings and paragraph captions in this
Agreement are for reference and convenience purposes only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. This
Agreement shall not be interpreted or constructed in favor of or against either Party because of its effort in preparing it.

25

17.2        Independent
Contractor Status. It is understood and agreed that nothing in this Agreement nor any agreements related hereto is intended
to nor shall create a partnership between the Parties. The Parties hereto are independent contractors and are engaged in the operation
of their own respective businesses, and neither Party hereto is to be considered the agent, partner, joint venturer or employee of the
other Party for any purpose whatsoever, and neither Party shall have any authority to enter into any contracts (other than settlement
agreements pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Agreement) or assume any obligations for the other Party nor make any warranties
or representations on behalf of that other Party.

17.3        Waiver
and Modification. The waiver by either Party of a breach of any provision contained herein shall only be effective if in writing
and shall in no way be construed as a waiver of any succeeding breach of such provision or obligation or the waiver of the provision or
obligation itself. This Agreement may not be changed, modified, amended or supplemented except by an express written instrument signed
by both Parties.

17.4        Assignment.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of each ‘ of the Parties hereto and their respective successors and
approved assigns, provided, however, that neither Party may assign or transfer this Agreement whether by operation of law or otherwise
without the prior written consent of the other Party, except that no consent shall be required if such assignment or transfer by operation
of law is in connection with a merger or acquisition or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the assigning Party. Any assignment
or transfer in contravention of this Agreement shall be null and void.

17.5        Severability.
If any provision of this Agreement shall be held illegal or unenforceable, that provision shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum
extent necessary so that this Agreement shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.

17.6        Further
Assurances. Each Party hereto agrees to undertake and carry out their respective obligations in connection with this Agreement
in good faith, and shall cooperate with each other in good faith throughout the performance of this Agreement. Each Party hereto agrees
to execute, acknowledge and deliver such further instruments and documents, and to do all such other acts, as may be reasonably necessary
or appropriate in order to carry out the purposes and intent of this Agreement

17.7        Use
of Party’s Name. Except as otherwise required by Applicable Law, no right, express or implied, is granted by this
Agreement to either Party to use in any manner the name of the other or any other trade name or trademark of the other in connection
with the performance of this Agreement. For clarity, it is understood that nothing herein shall prohibit either Party from using the
name of the other Party (i) in certain of such Party’s disclosure documents including those filed or disclosed in order
to comply with its obligations under Applicable Law or the listing standards or agreements of any national or international
securities exchange or The NASDAQ Stock Market or other similar laws of a governmental authority, (ii) to respond to an inquiry
of a governmental authority, or (iii) in a judicial, administrative or arbitration proceeding, or from disclosing the fact that
it has granted or obtained a license to any Intellectual Property of the other Party so long as such use of the other’s name
is limited to statements of fact and is not done in a manner to suggest or imply endorsement by the other Party.

26

17.8        Notices.
Any notice or other communication to be given under this Agreement by any Party to any other Party shall be in writing and shall be either
(a) personally delivered, (b) mailed by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid with return receipt requested, (c) delivered
by reputable overnight express delivery service or same-day local courier service, (d) delivered by confirmed (or answered back)
telex or facsimile transmission, to the address of the applicable Party as set forth below, or to such other address as may be designated
by the Parties from time to time in accordance with this Section 17.8. Notices delivered personally, by overnight express delivery
service or by local courier service shall be deemed given as of actual receipt. Mailed notices shall be deemed given ten (10) business
days after mailing and five (5) business days after expedited mailing services. Notices delivered by telex or facsimile transmission
shall be deemed given upon receipt by the sender of the answerback (in the case of a telex) or transmission confirmation (in the case
of a facsimile transmission); provided, however, that telex or facsimile that is sent after 5:00 pm (recipient’s local time) shall
be deemed given at 9:00 am (recipient’s local time) on the next business day.

If to Stason at:

Stason Pharmaceutical, Inc.

​

11 Morgan

​

Irvine, CA 92618

​

President

​

Facsimile Number: [...***...]

​

​

If to Developers at:

ITOCHU CHEMICAL FRONTIER Corporation

​

5-1 Kita-Aoyama 2-Chome-Minato-Ku Tokyo,

​

Japan

​

ATTENTION: Mr. Akira Kikuchi

​

Facsimile Number: [...***...]

or to such other address as each Party may designate
for itself by like notice.

17.9        Dispute
Resolution. Except in case an injunction is sought, the Parties shall refer all disputes to the respective Chief Executive
Officers (or their senior management designee), and the Parties shall negotiate in good faith to resolve such disputes for at least sixty
(60) days before initiating any court action.

17.10      Governing
Law and Arbitration. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New
York, without reference to the choice of law principles thereof, other than those which may permit designation of New York law
unless any dispute shall be resolved under the provision of Section 17.9, any claim, dispute or controversy arising out of or
relating to this Agreement, or the breach, termination or invalidity thereof, shall be submitted by the Parties in dispute to
binding arbitration in accordance with the arbitration rules then in effect of the International Chamber of Commerce. Any such
arbitration shall be conducted in the State of New York, U.S.A. Any judgment or award rendered by the arbitrator shall be final and
binding on the Parties. The Parties agree that such a judgment and/or award may be enforced in any court of competent
jurisdiction.

27

17.11      Force
Majeure. A Party shall not be liable for nonperformance or delay in performance, except for defaulted obligations of payment,
to the extent that such nonperformance or delay in performance is not due to its negligence and is caused by any event reasonably beyond
the control of such Party, including wars, hostilities, revolutions, riots, civil commotion, national emergency, strikes, lockouts, unavailability
of supplies, epidemics, fire, flood, earthquake, force of nature, explosion, terrorist act, embargo, or any other Act of God, or any law,
proclamation, regulation, ordinance, or other act or order of any court, government or governmental agency (each a “Force Majeure
Event”). In the event of any such delay, the delayed Party may defer its performance for a period equal to the time of such delay,
provided that the delayed Party gives the other Party written notice thereof promptly and, in any event, within thirty (30) calendar
days of discovery thereof; and uses its good faith efforts to cure the excused breach.

17.12      Entire
Agreement. This Agreement and any Exhibits and Schedules attached hereto, constitute the entire agreement between Developers
and Stason with respect to the Product and supersede all prior representations, understandings and agreements with respect to the Product.

17.13      Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, including by transmission of facsimile or PDF copies of signature pages, each
of which shall for all purposes are deemed to be an original and all of which together shall constitute one instrument.

17.14      Third
Party Beneficiaries. No term or provision of this Agreement is intended to be, or shall be, for the benefit of a sub-contractor,
supplier, any individual member of the control group utilized for the bioequivalence studies, firm, organization, or corporation not a
party hereto, and no such other person, firm, organization or corporation shall have any right or cause of action hereunder.

17.15      Bankruptcy.
All rights and licenses granted under or pursuant to any article or section of this Agreement are, and shall otherwise be deemed to
be, for purposes of Section 365(n) of Title 11 of the United States Code (the “Bankruptcy Code”) and other
similar foreign laws, licenses of rights to be “intellectual property” as defined under the Bankruptcy Code or such
foreign laws. If a case is commenced during the term of this Agreement by or against Developers or its Affiliates under
Title 11, then, unless and until this Agreement is rejected as provided in Title 11, Developers (in any capacity,
including debtor-in-possession) and its successors and assigns (including a Title 11 trustee) shall perform all of the
obligations provided in this Agreement to be performed by such Party. If a Title 11 case is commenced during the term of this
Agreement by or against Developers, this Agreement is rejected as provided in Title 11 and Stason elects to retain its rights
hereunder as provided in Title 11, then the Developer Party which rejected the Agreement, subject to the Title 11 case (in
any capacity, including debtor-in-possession) and its successors and assigns (including a Title 11 trustee), shall provide to
Stason copies of all documents and information necessary for Stason to prosecute, maintain and enjoy its license under the Issued
Product Patents, the NDA, and the Regulatory Approvals associated with all Products held by Developers and such successors and
assigns promptly upon Stason’s written request therefor. All rights, powers and remedies of Stason, as a licensee hereunder,
provided herein are in addition to and not in substitution for any and all other rights, powers and remedies now or hereafter
existing at law or in equity (including Title 11) in the event of the commencement of a Title 11 case by or against
Developers. If a case is commenced during the term of this Agreement by or against Stason or its Affiliates under Title 11,
then, unless and until this Agreement is rejected as provided in Title 11, Stason (in any capacity, including
debtor-in-possession) and its successors and assigns (including a Title 11 trustee) shall perform all of the obligations
provided in this Agreement to be performed by Stason. If a Title 11 case is commenced during the term of this Agreement by or
against Stason and this Agreement is rejected as provided in Title 11, Developers shall have the right to terminate this
Agreement. Itochu and its Affiliates, as licensees of rights under this Agreement, shall retain and may fully exercise any or all of
its rights and elections under the Bankruptcy Code and other similar foreign laws, in its discretion, in the event of the bankruptcy
of Developers or its Affiliates. Developers and its Affiliates, having certain rights under this Agreement, shall retain and may
fully exercise any or all of its rights and elections under the Bankruptcy Code and other similar foreign laws, in its discretion,
in the event of the bankruptcy of Stason or Oishi or its Affiliates. Oishi and its Affiliates, having certain rights under this
Agreement, shall retain and may fully exercise any or all of its rights and elections under the Bankruptcy Code and other similar
foreign laws, in its discretion, in the event of the bankruptcy of Stason or Itochu or its Affiliates.

28

17.16      Responsibility
for Related Entities. Stason shall be liable for any action or inaction caused by an Affiliate or subcontractor of Stason in
connection with this Agreement. Oishi shall be solely liable for (1) responsibilities attributed solely to Oishi under this Agreement,
(2) all illegal acts of Oishi, and (3) all actions or inactions of its Affiliates and subcontractors. Itochu shall be solely
liable for (1) responsibilities attributed solely to Itochu under this agreement and (2) any illegal acts of Itochu, and (3) all
actions or inactions of its Affiliates and subcontractors. Anything else in this agreement notwithstanding, each of Oishi and Itochu shall
be jointly and severally liable for all responsibilities ascribed to “Developers” in this Agreement including all subcontractors
associated with such responsibilities; provided, however, that if Itochu and Oishi enter into a written agreement that allocates Developer
responsibilities between Oishi and Itochu then from and after the date that Oishi and Itochu provide a true and complete copy of such
agreement to Stason and for so long as such agreement applies in such form (not amended or modified) then (a) Oishi shall be
solely responsible for such Developer responsibilities clearly allocated solely to Oishi and arising solely after such agreement has been
provided to Stason, and (b) Itochu shall be solely responsible for such Developer responsibilities clearly allocated solely to Itochu
and arising solely after such agreements has been provided to Stason, To the extent that there is any dispute and/or confusion about whether
Itochu or Oishi is responsible for a liability the burden of proof shall be on Oishi and Itochu to prove which is responsible and Itochu
and Oishi shall remain jointly and severally liable until such allocation has been determined. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each of
Itochu and Oishi shall not be liable for any inability to perform its Developer obligations hereunder if the other Developer Party becomes
insolvent, admits in writing its inability to pay debts as they become due, is liquidated, dissolved or ceases to conduct business, makes
an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or files or has filed against it a petition in bankruptcy or reorganization proceedings.

[Signature Page of Product Development Agreement]

29

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Amended and Restated Product Development and Supply Agreement to be
effective as of the Effective Date.

STASON PHARMACEUTICAL, INC.

​

​

​

By:

/s/ Harry Fan

​

​

​

​

Name:

Harry Fan

​

​

​

​

Title:

Chief Executive Officer

​

​

​

​

Date:

June 3, 2011

​

​

​

​

OISHI KOSEIDO CO., LTD

​

​

​

By:

/s/ Koji Oishi

​

​

​

​

Name:

Koji Oishi

​

​

​

​

Title:

President & CEO

​

​

​

​

Date:

May 11, 2011

​

​

​

​

ITOCHU CHEMICAL FRONTIER Corporation

​

​

​

By:

/s/ Toshinari Hidekuma

​

​

​

​

Name:

Toshinari Hidekuma

​

​

​

​

Title:

Director Managing Executive Officer, General Manager Pharmaceutical Division

​

​

​

​

Date:

May 11, 2011

​

30

SCHEDULE A

PRODUCTS

Table 1. Identification of Reference Products

NDA No.

Active

Ingredient

Dosage Form;

Route

Strengths

Proprietary

Name

20612

lidocaine

patch; topical

5%

Lidoderm®

31
