restructuring the health insurance market to mandate coverage, guaranteeing insurance in the individual market, merging individual and small group markets, placing a cap on loss ratios or premiums or otherwise taking steps to expand access to health
insurance in a manner that does not allow for management of risk, and taking steps to limit insurance company profitability.

We cannot
predict the outcome of the legislative and regulatory proposals described above or any other such legislative or regulatory proposals, nor the extent to which we may be affected by the enactment of any such legislation or regulations. Such
legislation or regulation, including measures that would cause us to change our current manner of operation or increase our exposure to liability, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and ability to
compete in our industry.

We may experience losses as a result of the regional concentration of our business.

Our business operations are concentrated in the Northeast (in the states of Connecticut, New York and New Jersey) and in the states of California, Arizona
and Oregon. Our California operations represented approximately 60% of our total revenue in 2008. In late 2008, we announced that, among other strategic alternatives, we are considering a divestiture of our Northeast and Arizona businesses. If we
divest our Northeast and Arizona businesses, the geographic concentration of our remaining business operations will increase. Due to this concentration in a small number of states, and, in particular, California, we are exposed to the risk of a
deterioration in our financial results arising from a significant economic downturn in one or more of these states. The state of California is experiencing a significant budget shortfall, which may lead to cuts in spending for services and the
significant deterioration of economic conditions in California. If economic conditions in any of these states significantly worsen, we may experience a reduction in existing and new business, which may have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. In addition, if any one of our health plans experiences significant losses, our consolidated results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. Losses of accounts or deterioration in
margins in any one of the states in which we operate could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.

Federal and state audits, review and investigations of us and our subsidiaries could have a material adverse effect on our operations.

We have been and, in some cases, currently are, involved in various federal and state governmental audits, reviews and investigations. These include routine, regular and special investigations, audits and reviews by
CMS, state insurance and health and welfare departments and others pertaining to financial performance, market conduct and regulatory compliance issues. Such audits, reviews and investigations could result in the loss of

25

Table of Contents

licensure or the right to participate in certain programs, or the imposition of civil or criminal fines, penalties and other sanctions. In addition,
disclosure of any adverse investigation or audit results or sanctions could negatively affect our reputation in various markets and make it more difficult for us to sell our products and services. We have entered into consent agreements relating to,
and in some instances have agreed to pay fines in connection with, several recent audits and investigations.

Many regulatory audits,
reviews and investigations in recent years have focused on the timeliness and accuracy of claims payments by managed care companies and health insurers. Our subsidiaries have been the subject of audits, reviews and investigations of this nature.
Depending on the circumstances and the specific matters reviewed, regulatory findings could require remediation of claims payment errors and payment of penalties of material amounts that could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations.

Beginning in November, 2008, CMS performed routine audits of certain of our Medicare Advantage, PFFS and PDP products, and
found deficiencies in many of the business areas included in the review. On February 2, 2009, we received the audit report and corrective action request from CMS, and we have 45 days to submit our corrective action plan to CMS for review and
approval. If CMS is not satisfied with our corrective action plan, or if it believes that the deficiencies are substantial and/or repeat deficiencies, it could levy enforcement actions, including financial penalties and/or the suspension of
marketing and enrollment into our Medicare products. If CMS were to impose substantial financial penalties and/or suspend the marketing of and enrollment into our Medicare products for a significant period of time in the future, it could have a
material adverse effect on our Medicare business.

On February 13, 2008, the New York Attorney General (NYAG) announced that his
office was conducting an industry-wide investigation into the manner in which health insurers calculate “usual, customary and reasonable” charges for purposes of reimbursing members for out-of-network medical services. The NYAG’s
office issued subpoenas to 16 health insurance companies, including us, in connection with this investigation. See “Item 3. Legal Proceedings” for additional detail regarding the NYAG’s investigation. On January 13, 2009, the
NYAG announced that, as a result of his investigation, his office had entered into a settlement agreement with United HealthGroup, Inc., which owns and operates the Ingenix database used by most health plans, including us, to price out-of-network
claims. At the time of the announcement of the settlement with United, the NYAG indicated his intent to continue his investigation with respect to other health insurers. In the meantime, the Connecticut Attorney General has also been investigating
health plans’ reimbursement of out-of-network services. On March 28, 2008, we received a request for voluntary production from the Connecticut Attorney General that seeks information similar to that subpoenaed by the NYAG. We are in the
process of responding to the request and are cooperating with the Connecticut Attorney General as appropriate in his investigation. There can be no assurance that other state attorneys’ general will not take actions similar to those taken by
the NYAG and the Connecticut Attorney General.

In addition, from time to time, agencies of the U.S. government investigate whether our
operations are being conducted in accordance with regulations applicable to government contractors. Government investigations of us, whether relating to government contracts or conducted for other reasons, could result in administrative, civil or
criminal liabilities, including repayments, fines or penalties being imposed upon us, or could lead to suspension or debarment from future U.S. government contracting, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results
of operations.

Regulatory activities and litigation relating to the rescission of coverage, if resolved unfavorably, could adversely affect us.

In our individual business in certain states, persons applying for insurance policies are required to provide information about
their medical history as well as that of family members for whom they are seeking coverage. These applications are subjected to a formal underwriting process to determine whether the applicants present an acceptable risk. If coverage is issued and
the health plan or insurer subsequently discovers that the applicant

26

Table of Contents

materially misrepresented their or their family members’ medical history, the health plan or insurer has the legal right to rescind the policy in
accordance with applicable legal standards. Although rescission has long been a legally authorized practice, the decisions of health plans to rescind coverage and decline payment to treating providers, as well as the procedures used to do so, have
recently generated public attention, particularly in California. As a result, there have been both legislative and regulatory actions, as well as significant litigation, in connection with this issue.

On October 23, 2007, the California Department of Managed Health Care (DMHC) and the California Department of Insurance (DOI) announced that they
would be issuing joint regulations that would restrict the ability of health plans and insurers to rescind a member’s coverage and deny payment to treating providers. The DMHC has issued draft proposed regulations but has not formally
promulgated any regulations to date. The DOI has not issued any proposed regulations and at this time it is not known whether or when either agency will issue regulations. As of January 1, 2008, health plans and insurers in California, under
certain defined circumstances, are obligated to pay providers for services they have rendered despite the rescission of a member’s policy.

In October, 2007, the DMHC initiated a survey of Health Net of California’s activities regarding the rescission of policies for the period January 1, 2004 through June 30, 2006. Following completion of the survey, on
May 15, 2008, Health Net of California entered into a settlement agreement with the DMHC. See “Item 3. Legal Proceedings—Litigation Relating to Rescission of Policies” for information regarding the details of the settlement
agreement. Failure to substantially implement the actions set forth in the corrective action plan will subject Health Net of California to a potential additional penalty of up to $3 million.

In April, 2008, the DOI commenced an audit of Health Net Life Insurance Company’s rescission practices and related claims settlement practices for
the period January 1, 2004 through February 29, 2008. On September 12, 2008, Health Net Life entered into a settlement agreement with the DOI which resolves all DOI matters regarding Health Net Life’s rescission practices from
January 2004 to date. See “Item 3. Legal Proceedings—Litigation Relating to Rescission of Policies” for information regarding the details of the settlement agreement. Failure to substantially comply with the settlement agreement
subjects Health Net Life to a potential additional monetary penalty of up to $3.6 million.

We are also party to arbitrations and
litigation, including a putative class action, in which rescinded members allege that we unlawfully rescinded their coverage. The lawsuits generally seek reimbursement for the cost of medical services that were not paid as a result of the
rescission, and also seek to recover for emotional distress, attorneys’ fees and punitive damages. One of these arbitrations was decided in 2008 and resulted in an award paid to the claimant of approximately $9.4 million. Recent court of appeal
decisions in California adverse to health plans and insurers have increased the risks associated with rescissions of policies based on applications containing material misrepresentations of medical history, and may make it more difficult to rescind
policies in the future. On February 20, 2008, the Los Angeles City Attorney filed a complaint against us relating to our underwriting practices and rescission of certain individual policies. The complaint sought equitable relief and civil
penalties for, among other things, alleged false advertising, violations of unfair competition laws and violations of the California Penal Code. On February 10, 2009, Health Net entered into settlement agreements resolving both the putative
class action and the action filed by the Los Angeles City Attorney. See “Item 3. Legal Proceedings—Litigation Relating to Rescission of Policies” for additional information regarding these settlement agreements. Other government
agencies, including the Attorney General of California, have indicated that they are investigating, or may be interested in investigating, rescissions and related activities.

We cannot predict the outcome of the anticipated regulatory proposals described above, nor the extent to which we may be affected by the enactment of
those or other regulatory or legislative activities relating to rescissions. Such legislation or regulation, including measures that would cause us to change our current manner of operation or increase our exposure to liability, could have a
material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and ability to compete in our industry. Similarly, given the complexity and scope

27

Table of Contents

of rescission lawsuits, their final outcome cannot be predicted with any certainty. It is possible that in a particular quarter or annual period our results
of operations could be adversely affected by an ultimate unfavorable resolution of these cases.

We face risks related to litigation,
which, if resolved unfavorably, could result in substantial penalties and/or monetary damages, including punitive damages. In addition, we incur material expenses in the defense of litigation and our results of operations or financial condition
could be adversely affected if we fail to accurately project litigation expenses.

We are subject to a variety of legal actions to
which any corporation may be subject, including employment and employment discrimination-related suits, employee benefit claims, wage and hour claims, breach of contract actions, tort claims, fraud and misrepresentation claims, shareholder suits,
including suits for securities fraud, and intellectual property and real estate related disputes. In addition, we incur and likely will continue to incur potential liability for claims related to the insurance industry in general and our business in
particular, such as claims by members alleging failure to pay for or provide health care, poor outcomes for care delivered or arranged, improper rescission, termination or non-renewal of coverage and insufficient payments for out-of-network
services; claims by employer groups for return of premiums; and claims by providers, including claims for withheld or otherwise insufficient compensation or reimbursement, claims related to self-funded business, and claims related to reinsurance
matters. Such actions can also include allegations of fraud, misrepresentation, and unfair or improper business practices and can include claims for punitive damages. Also, there are currently, and may be in the future, attempts to bring class
action lawsuits against various managed care organizations, including us. In some of the cases pending against us, substantial non-economic or punitive damages are also being sought.

Recent court decisions and legislative activity may increase our exposure for any of the types of claims we face. There is a risk that we could incur
substantial legal fees and expenses, including discovery expenses, in any of the actions we defend in excess of amounts budgeted for defense. Plaintiffs’ attorneys have increasingly used expansive electronic discovery requests as a litigation
tactic. Responding to these requests, the scope of which may exceed the normal capacity of our historical systems for archiving and organizing electronic documents, may require application of significant resources and impose significant costs on us.
In certain cases, we could also be subject to awards of substantial legal fees and costs to plaintiffs’ counsel.

We cannot predict
the outcome of any lawsuit with certainty, and we are incurring material expenses in the defense of litigation matters, including without limitation, substantial discovery costs. While we currently have insurance policies that may provide coverage
for some of the potential liabilities relating to litigation matters, there can be no assurance that coverage will be available for any particular case or liability. Insurers could dispute coverage or the amount of insurance could not be sufficient
to cover the damages awarded or settlement amounts. In addition, certain liabilities such as punitive damages, may not be covered by insurance. Insurance coverage for all or certain types of liability may become unavailable or prohibitively
expensive in the future or the deductible on any such insurance coverage could be set at a level that would result in us effectively self-insuring cases against us. The deductible on our errors and omissions (“E&O”) insurance has
reached such a level. Given the amount of the deductible, the only cases which would be covered by our E&O insurance are those involving claims that substantially exceed our average claim values and otherwise qualify for coverage under the terms
of the insurance policy.

We regularly evaluate litigation matters pending against us, including those described in Note 13 to our
consolidated financial statements, to determine if settlement of such matters would be in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. The costs associated with any such settlement could be substantial and, in certain cases, such as with
the McCoy case, could result in an earnings charge in any particular quarter in which we enter into a settlement agreement. Although we have recorded litigation reserves which represent our best estimate on probable losses, both known and incurred
but not reported, our recorded reserves might prove to be inadequate to cover an adverse result or settlement for extraordinary matters, such as the matters described in Note 13.

28

Table of Contents

Therefore, costs associated with the various litigation matters to which we are subject and any earnings charge recorded in connection with a settlement
agreement could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.

If we are unable to maintain
good relations with the physicians, hospitals and other providers that we contract with, our profitability could be adversely affected.

We contract with physicians, hospitals and other providers as a means to assure access to health care services for our members, to manage health care costs and utilization and to better monitor the quality of care being delivered. In any
particular market, providers could refuse to contract with us, demand higher payments or take other actions, including litigation, which could result in higher health care costs, less desirable products for customers and members, disruption to
provider access for current members or to support growth, or difficulty in meeting regulatory or accreditation requirements. In some markets, certain providers, particularly hospitals, physician/hospital organizations and multi-specialty physician
groups, may have significant market positions or even monopolies. Some of these providers may compete directly with us. If these providers refuse to contract with us or utilize their market position to negotiate favorable contracts or place us at a
competitive disadvantage, our ability to market our products or to be profitable in those areas could be adversely affected.

We contract
with professional providers in California primarily through capitation fee arrangements. Under a capitation fee arrangement, we pay a provider group a fixed amount per member on a regular basis and the provider group accepts the risk of the
frequency and cost of member utilization of professional services. Provider groups that enter into capitation fee arrangements generally contract with specialists and other secondary providers, and may contract with primary care physicians, to
provide services. The inability of provider groups to properly manage costs under capitation arrangements can result in their financial instability and the termination of their relationship with us. A provider group’s financial instability or
failure to pay secondary providers for services rendered could lead secondary providers to demand payment from us, even though we have made our regular capitated payments to the provider group. Depending on state law, we could be liable for such
claims. In California, the liability of our HMO subsidiaries for unpaid provider claims has not been definitively settled. There can be no assurance that we will not be liable for unpaid provider claims. There can also be no assurance that providers
with whom we contract will properly manage the costs of services, maintain financial solvency or avoid disputes with secondary providers, the failure of any of which could have an adverse effect on the provision of services to members and our
operations.

Some providers that render services to our members and insureds that have coverage for out-of-network services are not
contracted with our plans and insurance companies. In those cases, there is no pre-established understanding between the provider and the plan about the amount of compensation that is due to the provider; rather, the plan’s obligation is to
reimburse the member based upon the terms of the member’s plan. In some states and product lines, the amount of reimbursement is defined by law or regulation, but in most instances it is established by a standard set forth in the plan that is
not clearly translated into dollar terms, such as “usual, customary and reasonable.” In such instances providers may believe they are underpaid for their services and may either litigate or arbitrate their dispute with the plan or balance
bill our member. Regulatory authorities in various states may also challenge the manner in which we reimburse members for services performed by non-contracted providers. For example, as described in more detail in “Item 3. Legal
Proceedings—Proceedings Relating to Claims Payment Practices,” the NYAG announced in February 2008 that his office is in the process of conducting such an investigation, and settlements entered into by other health plans with the NYAG in
the wake of this investigation have involved certain payments by those plans. As a result of litigation or regulatory activity, we may have to pay providers additional amounts or reimburse members for their out-of-pocket payments. The uncertainty
about our financial obligations for such services and the possibility of subsequent adjustment of our original payments could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations.

In addition, provider groups and hospitals that do contract with us have in certain situations commenced litigation and/or arbitration proceedings
against us to recover amounts they allege to be underpayments due to

29

Table of Contents

them under their contracts with us. We believe that provider groups and hospitals have become increasingly sophisticated in their review of claim payments
and contractual terms in an effort to maximize their payments from us and have increased their use of outside professionals, including accounting firms and attorneys, in these efforts. These efforts and the litigation and arbitration that result
from them could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

If the current unfavorable
economic conditions continue or further deteriorate, it could adversely affect our revenues and results of operations.

Recent
market and economic conditions in the United States have been challenging and unprecedented. Continued concerns about the systemic impact of inflation, energy costs, rising unemployment rates, geopolitical issues, the availability and cost of credit
and other capital, the U.S. mortgage market, consumer spending and a declining real estate market have contributed to increased market volatility and diminished expectations for the U.S. economy and this is expected to continue going forward. These
extreme events could adversely affect our revenues and results of operations.

These market conditions expose us to a number of risks,
including risks associated with the potential financial instability of our customers. If our customer base experiences cash flow problems or other financial difficulties, it could, in turn, adversely impact membership in our plans. For example, our
customers may modify, delay or cancel plans to purchase our products, or may make changes in the mix of products purchased from us. If our customers experience financial issues, they may not be able to pay, or may delay payment of, accounts
receivable that are owed to us, or may reduce their workforce, resulting in a decline in membership in our products. Further, our customers or potential customers may force us to compete more vigorously on factors such as price and service to retain
or obtain their business. The adverse economic conditions could also cause employers to stop offering certain health care coverage as an employee benefit or elect to offer this coverage on a voluntary, employee-funded basis as a means to reduce
their operating costs. A significant decline in membership in our plans and the inability of current and/or potential customers to pay their premiums as a result of unfavorable economic conditions may adversely affect our business, including our
revenues, profitability and cash flow.

Higher unemployment rates and significant employment layoffs and downsizings may also impact the
number of enrollees in managed care programs and the profitability of our operations. If economic conditions significantly deteriorate and unemployment rates continue to rise, we may experience a reduction in existing and new business, which may
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

An extended economic downturn could
adversely affect state and federal budgets, resulting in reduced reimbursements or payments in our federal and state government health care coverage programs, including Medicare, Medicaid and CHIP. A reduction in state Medicaid reimbursement rates
could be implemented retrospectively to payments already negotiated and/or received from the government and could adversely affect our revenues and financial results. In addition, state and federal budgetary pressures could cause new or a higher
levels of assessments or taxes for our commercial programs, such as surcharges on select fee-for-service and capitated medical claims or premium taxes on health maintenance organizations, and could adversely affect our results of operations.

Our forecasts and other forward-looking statements are based on a variety of assumptions that are subject to significant
uncertainties. Our performance may not be consistent with these forecasts and forward-looking statements.

From time to time in
press releases and otherwise, we publish forecasts or other forward-looking statements regarding our future results, including estimated revenues, net earnings and other operating and financial metrics. Any forecast of our future performance
reflects various assumptions. These assumptions are subject to significant

30

Table of Contents

uncertainties, and, as a matter of course, any number of them may prove to be incorrect. For example, in 2008, we lowered our full-year 2008 earnings per
share guidance in the first, second and third quarter, which had a significant negative impact on our full year results.

The achievement
of any forecast depends on numerous risks and other factors, including those described in this Annual Report, many of which are beyond our control. In addition, the volatility in the financial markets and challenging economic conditions may make it
particularly difficult to forecast our future performance. As a result, we cannot assure that our performance will meet any management forecasts or that the variation from such forecasts will not be material and adverse. You are cautioned not to
base your entire analysis of our business and prospects upon isolated predictions, but instead are encouraged to utilize the entire mix of publicly available historical and forward-looking information, as well as other available information
affecting us, our services, and our industry when evaluating our forecasts and other forward-looking statements relating to our operations and financial performance.

We have a material amount of indebtedness and may incur additional indebtedness, or need to refinance existing indebtedness, in the future, which may adversely affect our operations.

Our indebtedness includes $400 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.375% Senior Notes due 2017 and $175 million in borrowings under a financing
facility which will amortize over a period ending December 2012. For a description of our Senior Notes and our financing facility, see “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Capital Structure.” In addition, to provide liquidity, we have a $900 million five-year revolving credit facility that expires in June 2012. As of December 31, 2008, $150 million was
outstanding under our revolving credit facility. We may incur additional debt in the future. Our existing indebtedness, and any additional debt we incur in the future through drawings on our revolving credit facility or otherwise could have an
adverse effect on our business and future operations. For example, it could:

•

require us to dedicate a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to pay principal and interest on our debt, which would reduce funds available to fund
future working capital, capital expenditures and other general operating requirements;

•

increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions or a downturn in our business; and

•

place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt.

We continually evaluate options to refinance our outstanding indebtedness. Our ability to obtain any financing, whether through the issuance of new debt
securities or otherwise, and the terms of any such financing are dependent on, among other things, our financial condition, financial market conditions within our industry and generally, credit ratings and numerous other factors. Recently, credit
markets have experienced unusual uncertainty, and liquidity and access to capital markets have tightened. See “—Adverse conditions in the credit markets may materially affect our ability to obtain credit.” Consequently, in the event
we need to access the credit markets to refinance our debt, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain financing on acceptable terms or within an acceptable time, if at all. If we are unable to obtain financing on terms and within a
time acceptable to us it could, in addition to other negative effects, have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial condition, ability to compete or ability to comply with regulatory requirements.

Adverse conditions in the credit markets may materially affect our ability to obtain credit.

The U.S. and global capital and credit markets have been experiencing extreme volatility and disruption. Concern about the stability of the markets
generally has lead many lenders to reduce and in some cases cease to provide funding to borrowers. If current levels of market disruption and volatility continue or worsen, they may materially and adversely affect our ability to access additional
capital to meet liquidity needs, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

31

Table of Contents

The current economic environment and volatility in the financial markets could have an adverse
impact on the value of our investment portfolio and our goodwill which could, in turn, have a negative effect on our results of operations and stockholders’ equity.

Our investment portfolio is comprised primarily of available-for-sale investment securities such as interest-yielding debt securities of varying
maturities. As of December 31, 2008, our available-for-sale investment securities were $1.5 billion. The value of fixed-income securities is highly sensitive to fluctuations in short-and long-term interest rates, with the value decreasing as
such rates increase and increasing as such rates decrease. These securities may also be negatively impacted by illiquidity in the market. We closely monitor the fair values of our investment securities and regularly evaluate them for any
other-than-temporary impairments. We have the intent and ability to hold our investments for a sufficient period of time to allow for recovery of the principal amount invested.

The current economic environment and recent volatility of the U.S. and global capital markets have negatively impacted the liquidity of investments, such
as our debt securities, and a worsening of credit market disruptions or sustained market downturns could have additional negative effects on the liquidity and value of our investment assets. In addition, such volatility has increased the difficulty
of assessing investment impairment and the same influences tend to increase the risk of potential impairment of these assets.

In the third
quarter of 2008, we recognized a $14.6 million loss from other-than-temporary impairments in our available-for-sale investments and money market fund. Over time, the economic and capital market environment may further deteriorate or provide
additional insight regarding the fair value of certain securities, which could change our judgment regarding the impairment of certain investments. This could result in realized losses relating to other-than-temporary declines being charged against
future income. Given the current market conditions and the significant judgments involved, there is continuing risk that further declines in fair value may occur and material other-than-temporary impairments may result in realized losses in future
periods, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. See “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital
Resources” for additional information regarding our investment portfolio.

In addition, our regulated subsidiaries are also subject to
state laws and regulations that govern the types of investments that are allowable and admissible in those subsidiaries’ portfolios. There can be no assurance that our investment assets will produce total positive returns or that we will not
sell investments at prices that are less than the carrying value of these investments. Changes in the value of our investment assets, as a result of interest rate fluctuations, illiquidity or otherwise, could have a negative affect on our
stockholders’ equity. In addition, if it became necessary for us to liquidate our investment portfolio on an accelerated basis, it could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.

The economic environment and crisis in the financial markets also resulted in significant fluctuations in our market capitalization during 2008. As a
result of the decline in our market capitalization, we updated our annual goodwill impairment test as of December 31, 2008. No impairment was found but if our stock price does not stabilize or if our market capitalization continues to decline,
we could be required to update our goodwill impairment test in future quarters. Depending on the results of any such impairment test, we could be required to take an impairment charge to reduce the carrying amount of our goodwill. If we were
required to take such a charge, it would be non-cash and would not affect our liquidity, tangible equity or regulatory capital levels but could have a significant adverse effect on our results of operations.

Downgrades in our debt ratings, should they occur, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Claims paying ability, financial strength, and debt ratings by nationally recognized rating agencies are increasingly important
factors in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies and health benefits companies. Ratings information by nationally recognized rating agencies is broadly disseminated and generally used throughout the industry. We believe our
claims paying ability and financial strength ratings are important

32

Table of Contents

factors in marketing our products to certain of our customers. In addition, our debt ratings impact both the cost and availability of future borrowings and
accordingly, our cost of capital, and our amortizing financing facility contains covenants requiring that we maintain certain public debt ratings. See “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Capital Structure—Amortizing Financing Facility” for additional information on our amortizing financing facility. Each of the rating agencies reviews our ratings periodically and there
can be no assurance that current ratings will be maintained in the future. Our ratings reflect each rating agency’s independent opinion of our financial strength, operating performance, ability to meet our debt obligations or obligations to
policyholders and other factors. Downgrades in our ratings, should they occur, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We are a holding company and a substantial amount of our cash flow is generated by our subsidiaries. Our regulated subsidiaries are subject to restrictions on the payment of dividends and maintenance of minimum
levels of capital.

As a holding company, our subsidiaries conduct substantially all of our consolidated operations and own
substantially all of our consolidated assets. Consequently, our cash flow and our ability to pay our debt depends, in part, on the amount of cash that we receive from our subsidiaries. Our subsidiaries’ ability to make any payments to us will
depend on their earnings, business and tax considerations, legal and regulatory restrictions and economic conditions. In addition, in certain states our regulated subsidiaries are subject to risk-based capital requirements, known as RBC. These laws
require our regulated subsidiaries to report their results of risk-based capital calculations to the departments of insurance in their state of domicile and the National Association of Insurance Commissioners. Failure to maintain the minimum RBC
standards could subject certain of our regulated subsidiaries to corrective action, including increased reporting and/or state supervision. In addition, in most states, we are required to seek prior approval before we transfer money or pay dividends
from our regulated subsidiaries that exceed specified amounts. If our regulated subsidiaries are restricted from paying us dividends or otherwise making cash transfers to us, it could have material adverse effect on our results of operations and
Health Net, Inc.’s free cash flow. For additional information regarding our regulated subsidiaries’ statutory capital requirements, see “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Statutory Capital Requirements.”

Our revolving credit facility and our
financing facility contain restrictive covenants that could limit our ability to pursue our business strategies.

On June 25,
2007, we entered into a $900 million five-year revolving credit facility. On December 19, 2007, we entered into a $175 million financing facility. See “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Capital Structure” for additional information regarding our revolving credit facility and our financing facility. Our revolving credit facility and our financing facility require us to comply
with various covenants that impose restrictions on our operations, including our ability to incur additional indebtedness, pay dividends, make investments or other restricted payments, sell or otherwise dispose of assets and engage in other
activities. Our revolving credit facility and our financing facility also require us to comply with certain financial covenants, including a maximum leverage ratio and a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio. Our financing facility has a covenant
requiring us to maintain certain minimum public debt ratings. See “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Capital Structure Amortizing
Financing Facility” for details regarding the threshold ratings we are required to maintain under the financing facility.

The
restrictive covenants under our revolving credit facility and our financing facility could limit our ability to pursue our business strategies. In addition, any failure by us to comply with these restrictive covenants could result in an event of
default under the revolving credit facility, our financing facility, and, in some circumstances, under the indenture governing our Senior Notes, which, in any case, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition.

33

Table of Contents

The markets in which we do business are highly competitive. If we do not design and price our
products competitively, our membership and profitability could decline.

We are in a highly competitive industry. Many of our
competitors may have certain characteristics, capabilities or resources, such as greater market share, superior provider and supplier arrangements and existing business relationships, that give them an advantage in competing with us. These
competitors include HMOs, PPOs, self-funded employers, insurance companies, hospitals, health care facilities and other health care providers. In addition, other companies may enter our markets in the future.

In addition, financial services or other technology-based companies could enter the market and compete with us on the basis of their streamlined
administrative functions. The addition of new competitors can occur relatively easily and customers enjoy significant flexibility in moving between competitors. There is a risk that our customers may decide to perform for themselves functions or
services currently provided by us, which could result in a decrease in our revenues. In addition, our providers and suppliers may decide to market products and services to our customers in competition with us.

In recent years, there has been significant merger and acquisition activity in our industry and in industries that act as our suppliers, such as the
hospital, physician, pharmaceutical and medical device industries. This activity may create stronger competitors and/or result in higher health care costs. In addition, our contracts with government agencies, such as our TRICARE North contract, are
frequently up for re-bid and the loss of any significant government contract to a competitor could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. To the extent that there is strong competition or that competition
intensifies in any market, our ability to retain or increase customers, our revenue growth, our pricing flexibility, our control over medical cost trends and our marketing expenses may all be adversely affected.

Nearly every major managed care organization has launched, announced or is developing HSA-compatible high-deductible health plans. We have launched HSA
programs in our Northeast, Arizona, California and Oregon health plans. Our HSA programs represented a very small percentage of our total revenue in 2008. Some of our large competitors, such as Aetna and Blue Cross Blue Shield plans, have made large
investments in, and heavily marketed, their consumer-directed health plans and have gained more enrollment in many markets across the country. If their enrollment trend continues, it may widen the competitive gap between us over the next several
years. If we fail to design, maintain and effectively market consumer-directed health care programs that are attractive to consumers and, as a result, are unable to achieve a competitive market share in the consumer-directed care category, it could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

We have historically experienced
significant turnover in senior management and recently reorganized our management structure. If we are unable to manage the succession of our key executives, it could adversely affect our business.

We have experienced a high turnover in our senior management team in recent years and in late 2008 reorganized our management structure. Although we have
succession plans in place and have employment arrangements with our key executives, these do not guarantee that the services of these key executives will continue to be available to us. We would be adversely affected if we fail to adequately plan
for future turnover of our senior management team.

If we fail to effectively maintain our management information systems, it could
adversely affect our business.

Our business depends significantly on effective information systems. The information gathered and
processed by our management information systems assists us in, among other things, pricing our services, monitoring utilization and other cost factors, processing provider claims, billing our customers on a timely basis

34

Table of Contents

and identifying accounts for collection. Our customers and providers also depend upon our information systems for membership verification, claims status and
other information. We have many different information systems for our various businesses and these systems require continual maintenance, upgrading and enhancement to meet our operational needs. Moreover, our merger, acquisition and divestiture
activity requires transitions to or from, and the integration of, various information management systems.

Health Net’s operations
strategy team is currently reviewing options for transitioning to a single technology platform companywide to gain operational and cost efficiencies. We believe that by consolidating our current systems, we will gain operational and cost
efficiencies. Transitioning to a single in-house system and utilizing varying levels of system outsourcing are options currently under consideration by management. See “Item 1. Business—Additional Information Concerning Our
Business—Health Net Systems Consolidation Project” for additional information regarding this consolidation project.

Any
difficulty or unexpected delay associated with the transition to or from information systems, any inability or failure to properly maintain management information systems, or any inability or failure to successfully update or expand processing
capability or develop new capabilities to meet our business needs, could result in operational disruptions, loss of existing customers, difficulty in attracting new customers, disputes with customers and providers, regulatory problems, significant
increases in administrative expenses and/or other adverse consequences. In addition, we may, from time-to-time, obtain significant portions of our systems-related or other services or facilities from independent third parties, which may make our
operations vulnerable to adverse effects if such third parties fail to perform adequately. See “—We are subject to risks associated with outsourcing services and functions to third parties.”

We are subject to risks associated with outsourcing services and functions to third parties.

We contract with independent third party vendors who provide services to us and our subsidiaries or to whom we delegate selected functions. These third
party vendors include, but are not limited to, information technology system providers, medical management providers, claims administration providers, billing and enrollment providers, call center providers and specialty service providers. Our
arrangements with third party vendors may make our operations vulnerable if those third parties fail to satisfy their obligations to us, including their obligations to maintain and protect the security and confidentiality of our information and
data, as a result of our failure to adequately monitor and regulate their performance, changes in the vendors’ operations or financial condition or other matters outside of our control. Violations of laws or regulations governing our business
by third party vendors could increase our exposure to liability or otherwise increase the costs associated with the operation of our business. In addition, to the extent we outsource selected services or selected functions to third parties in
foreign jurisdictions, we could be exposed to risks inherent in conducting business outside of the United States, including international economic and political conditions, additional costs associated with complying with foreign laws and
fluctuations in currency values.

In 2008, we entered into an outsourcing agreement (the “IT Outsourcing Agreement”) with
International Business Machines Corporation (“IBM”) and two separate outsourcing agreements (collectively, the “Applications and Claims Outsourcing Agreements”) with Cognizant Technology Solutions U.S. Corporation
(“Cognizant”). Under the terms of the IT Outsourcing Agreement, IBM will, among other things, provide us with data center services, IT security management services, technical support services, administrative support services and, via an
IBM partner, voice and data network services. Under the terms of the Applications and Claims Outsourcing Agreements, Cognizant will, among other things, provide application development, testing and monitoring services, application maintenance and
support services, project management services, claims adjudication, adjustment, audit and process improvement services. We will retain responsibility for the payment of claims and the development of claims processing policies.

The IT Outsourcing Agreement and the Applications and Claims Outsourcing Agreements, as well as any of our other outsourcing arrangements, could increase
our exposure to the risks outlined above. In addition, we may not fully realize the anticipated economic and other benefits from our outsourcing projects or other relationships

35

Table of Contents

we enter into with third party vendors, as a result of regulatory restrictions on outsourcing or otherwise. This could result in substantial costs or other
operational or financial problems that could adversely impact our results of operations.

Acquisitions, divestitures and other
significant transactions may adversely affect our business.

We continue to evaluate the profitability realized or likely to be
realized by our existing businesses and operations. From time to time we review, from a strategic standpoint, potential acquisitions and divestitures in light of our core businesses and growth strategies. The success of any such acquisition or
divestiture depends, in part, upon our ability to identify suitable buyers or sellers, negotiate favorable contractual terms and, in many cases, obtain governmental approval. For acquisitions, success is also dependent upon efficiently integrating
the acquired business into the Company’s existing operations. If we are unable to consummate, successfully integrate and grow these acquisitions and to realize contemplated revenue synergies and cost savings, our financial results could be
adversely affected. In addition, we may, from time to time, divest businesses that are less of a strategic fit for the company or do not produce an adequate return. In November 2008, we announced that, among other strategic alternatives, we are
considering a divestiture of our Northeast and Arizona businesses. We may not be able to divest our Northeast and Arizona businesses or may not be able to do so on terms that are favorable to us. Failure to divest or execute another strategic
alternative following such an announcement could adversely impact our ability to operate those businesses profitably. Should a divestiture of the Northeast and Arizona businesses occur, our profitability may be impacted by either gains or losses on
the sales of those businesses or lost operating income or cash flows from those businesses. Further, in the event the structure of the transaction results in continuing obligations by the buyer to us or our customers, a buyer’s inability to
fulfill these obligations could lead to future financial loss on our part. In addition, any divestiture could result in significant asset impairment charges, including those related to goodwill and other intangible assets, which could have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. These potential acquisitions or divestitures present financial, managerial and operational challenges, including diversion of management attention from existing
businesses, difficulty with integrating or separating personnel and financial and other systems, increased expenses, assumption of unknown liabilities, indemnities and potential disputes with the buyers or sellers.

We must comply with restrictions on patient privacy and information security, including taking steps to ensure compliance by our business
associates with HIPAA.

In December 2000, the Department of Health and Human Services promulgated regulations under HIPAA related to
the privacy and security of electronically transmitted protected health information (“PHI”). The regulations require health plans, clearinghouses and providers to: comply with various requirements and restrictions related to the use,
storage, transmission and disclosure of PHI; adopt rigorous internal procedures to safeguard PHI; and enter into specific written agreements with business associates to whom PHI is disclosed. The regulations also establish significant criminal
penalties and civil sanctions for non-compliance. In addition, the regulations could expose us to additional liability for, among other things, violations of the regulations by our business associates, including the third party vendors involved in
our outsourcing projects. Although our contracts with business associates provide for appropriate protections of PHI, we may have limited control over the actions and practices of our business associates. Compliance with HIPAA and other state and
federal privacy and security regulations may result in cost increases due to necessary systems changes, the development of new administrative processes and the effects of potential noncompliance by our business associates.

Negative publicity regarding the managed health care industry could adversely affect our ability to market and sell our products and services.

Managed health care companies have received and continue to receive negative publicity reflecting the public perception of the
industry. For example, the Company and the managed health care industry have been subject to negative publicity surrounding practices in connection with the rescission of individual health insurance policies. In addition, health care and related
health care reform proposals have been and are expected

36

Table of Contents

to continue to be the subject of intense media attention, especially since the new presidential administration has announced that federal health reform is
one of its top priorities. Such political discourse can often generate publicity that portrays managed care in a negative light. Our marketing efforts may be affected by the amount of negative publicity to which the industry has been subject, as
well as by speculation and uncertainty relating to merger and acquisition activity among companies in our industry, including speculation about a possible divestiture of our Northeast and Arizona businesses. Speculation, uncertainty or negative
publicity about us, our industry or our lines of business could adversely affect our ability to market and sell our products or services, require changes to our products or services, or stimulate additional legislation, regulation, review of
industry practices or litigation that could adversely affect us.

If we are unable to manage our general and administrative expenses,
our business, financial condition or results of operations could be harmed.

The level of our administrative expenses can affect our
profitability, and administrative expense increases are difficult to predict. While we attempt to effectively manage such expenses, including through the development of online functionalities and other projects designed to create administrative
efficiencies, increases in staff-related and other administrative expenses may occur from time to time due to business or product start-ups or expansions, growth, membership declines or changes in business, difficulties or delays in projects
designed to create administrative efficiencies, acquisitions, reliance on outsourced services, regulatory requirements, including compliance with HIPAA regulations, or other reasons. For example, in 2007, our administrative expenses increased as we
continued to support expected commercial growth. In addition, in November 2007, we announced a reorganization plan to enhance efficiency and achieve general and administrative cost savings. The reorganization is ongoing and is intended to
enable us to streamline our operations, including consolidating technology platforms, combining duplicative administrative and operational functions and outsourcing certain operations where appropriate. We are targeting annual savings of $100
million in general and administrative expenses by 2010 in connection with the reorganization. However, there can be no assurance that the reorganization will produce the anticipated savings or that the reorganization will not significantly disrupt
operations thereby negatively impacting our financial performance. In addition, there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully manage our administrative expenses, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial
condition or results of operations.

We depend, in part, on independent brokers and sales agents to market our products and services,
and recent regulatory investigations have focused on certain brokerage practices, including broker compensation arrangements and bid quoting practices.

We market our products and services both through sales people employed by us and through independent sales agents. Independent sales agents typically do not work with us on an exclusive basis and may market health
care products and services of our competitors. We face intense competition for the services and allegiance of independent sales agents and we cannot assure you that these agents will continue to market our products at a reasonable cost. Although we
have a number of sales employees and agents, if key sales employees or agents or a large subset of these individuals were to leave us, our ability to retain existing customers and members could be impaired.

There have been a number of investigations and enforcement actions against insurance brokers and insurers over the last several years regarding allegedly
inappropriate or undisclosed payments made by insurers to brokers for the placement of insurance business. For example, CMS has increased its scrutiny of insurance brokers and insurers regarding allegedly improper sales and marketing practices in
connection with the sale of Medicare products. While we are not aware of any unlawful practices by the Company or any of our agents or brokers in connection with the marketing and sales of our products and services, investigations by the New York
Attorney General, New York Department of Insurance, CMS and other regulators, as well as regulatory changes initiated in several states in response to allegedly inappropriate broker conduct and broker payment practices, could result in changes in
industry practices that could have an adverse effect on our ability to market our products.

37

Table of Contents

The market price of our common stock is volatile.

The market price of our common stock is subject to volatility. In 2008, the Morgan Stanley Healthcare Payor Index (the “HMO Index”), an index
comprised of 11 managed care organizations, including Health Net, recorded an approximate 54.8% decrease in its value, while the per-share value of our common stock decreased by 77.5%. There can be no assurance that the trading price of our common
stock will vary in a manner consistent with the variation in the HMO Index or the Standard & Poor’s 400 Mid-Cap Index of which our common stock is also a component. The market prices of our common stock and the securities of certain
other publicly-traded companies in our industry have shown significant volatility and sensitivity in response to many factors, including public communications regarding managed care, legislative or regulatory actions, health care reform litigation
or threatened litigation, health care cost trends, pricing trends, competition, earnings, receivable collections or membership reports of particular industry participants, and market speculation about or actual acquisition activity. Additionally,
adverse developments affecting any one of the companies in our sector could cause the price of our common stock to weaken, even if those adverse developments do not otherwise affect us. There can be no assurances regarding the level or stability of
our share price at any time or the impact of these or any other factors on our stock price.

If we are required to publicly disclose
information regarding our provider reimbursement rates and preferred drug list or other trade secret information for our programs, it could have a material adverse effect on our business.

In 2008, following a determination that the Connecticut Freedom of Information Act was applicable to managed care organizations participating in the
Connecticut Medicaid Program, the State of Connecticut announced that it was considering making the state’s Freedom of Information Act applicable to other state programs, such as programs for the uninsured and the State employee health benefits
program. If we are required to publicly disclose information regarding our provider reimbursement rates, preferred drug lists or other trade secret information, it could have a material adverse effect on our ability to contract with providers and
compete effectively in the marketplace.

Large-scale public health epidemics and/or terrorist activity could cause us to incur
unexpected health care and other costs and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

An outbreak of a pandemic disease and/or future terrorist activities, including bio-terrorism, could materially and adversely affect the U.S. economy in general and the health care industry specifically. Depending on
the government’s actions and the responsiveness of public health agencies and insurance companies, a large-scale public health epidemic or future acts of bio-terrorism could lead to, among other things, increased use of health care services,
disruption of information and payment systems, increased health care costs due to increased in-patient and out-patient hospital costs and the cost of any anti-viral medication used to treat affected people.

Natural disasters, including earthquakes, fires and floods, could severely damage or interrupt our systems and operations and result in an adverse
effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

Natural disasters such as fire, flood, earthquake, tornado,
power loss, virus, telecommunications failure, break-in or similar event could severely damage or interrupt our systems and operations, result in loss of data, and/or delay or impair our ability to service our members and providers. We have in place
a disaster recovery plan which is intended to provide us with the ability to maintain fully redundant systems for our operations in the event of a natural disaster utilizing various alternate sites provided by a national disaster recovery vendor.
However, there can be no assurance that such adverse effects will not occur in the event of a disaster. Any such disaster or similar event could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

38

Table of Contents

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.

None.

Item 2. Properties.

We lease office space for our principal executive offices in Woodland Hills, California. Our executive offices, comprising
approximately 176,490 square feet, are occupied under two separate leases, one of which expired on December 31, 2008 (with respect to 51,175 square feet of space) and the other will expire on December 31, 2014 (with respect to 125,315
square feet of space). We have vacated the office space that was covered by the lease that expired on December 31, 2008. A significant portion of our California HMO operations are also housed in Woodland Hills, in a separate 333,954 square foot
leased facility. The lease for this two-building facility expires December 31, 2011. Combined rent and rent-related obligations for our Woodland Hills facilities were approximately $16.2 million in 2008.

We also lease an aggregate of approximately 548,807 square feet of office space in Rancho Cordova, California for certain Health Plan Services and
Government Contract operations. Our aggregate rent and rent-related obligations under these leases were approximately $11.1 million in 2008. These leases expire at various dates ranging from 2009 to 2013. We also lease a total of approximately
59,750 square feet of office space in San Rafael California for certain specialty services operations.

On March 29, 2007 we sold our
68-acre commercial campus in Shelton, Connecticut (the Shelton Property) to The Dacourt Group, Inc. (Dacourt), dba HN Property Owner, LLC, and leased it back from the Buyer under an operating lease agreement for an initial term of ten years with an
option to extend for two additional terms of ten years each. We received net cash proceeds of $83.9 million and recorded a deferred gain of $60.9 million, which is amortized into income as contra-G&A expense over the lease term. Under the
Shelton Property lease agreement and other lease agreements, we lease an aggregate of approximately 492,673 square feet of office space in Shelton, Connecticut for certain Health Plan Services for our Northeast Division. Our aggregate rent and
rent-related obligations under these leases was approximately $9.0 million in 2008. These leases expire at various dates ranging from 2016 to 2017.

In addition to the office space referenced above, we lease approximately 76 sites in 24 states, totaling approximately 811,426 square feet of space. We also own a data center facility in Rancho Cordova, California comprising approximately
82,000 square feet of space.

We believe that our ownership and rental costs are consistent with those associated with similar space in the
applicable local areas. Our properties are well maintained, adequately meet our needs and are being utilized for their intended purposes.

Item 3. Legal Proceedings.

Litigation Related to the Sale of Businesses

AmCareco Litigation

We are a
defendant in two related litigation matters pending in Louisiana and Texas state courts, both of which relate to claims asserted by three separate state receivers overseeing the liquidation of three health plans in Louisiana, Texas and Oklahoma that
were previously owned by our former subsidiary, Foundation Health Corporation (FHC), which merged into Health Net, Inc. in January 2001. In 1999, FHC sold its interest in these plans to AmCareco, Inc. (AmCareco). We retained a minority interest in
the three plans after the sale. Thereafter, the three plans became known as AmCare of Louisiana (AmCare-LA), AmCare of Oklahoma (AmCare-OK) and AmCare of Texas (AmCare-TX). In 2002, three years after the sale of the plans to AmCareco, each of the
AmCare plans was placed under state oversight and ultimately into receivership. The receivers for each of the AmCare plans filed suit against us contending that, among other things, we were responsible as a “controlling

39

Table of Contents

shareholder” of AmCareco following the sale of the plans for post-acquisition misconduct by AmCareco and others that caused the three health plans to
fail and ultimately be placed into receivership.

On June 16, 2005, a consolidated trial of the claims asserted against us by the
three receivers commenced in state court in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. The claims of the receiver for AmCare-TX were tried before a jury and the claims of the receivers for the AmCare-LA and AmCare-OK were tried before the judge in the same proceeding.
On June 30, 2005, the jury considering the claims of the receiver for AmCare-TX returned a verdict against us in the amount of $117.4 million, consisting of $52.4 million in compensatory damages and $65 million in punitive damages. The Court
later reduced the compensatory and punitive damages awards to $36.7 million and $45.5 million, respectively, and entered judgments against us in those amounts.

The proceedings regarding the claims of the receivers for AmCare-LA and AmCare-OK concluded on July 8, 2005. On November 4, 2005, the Court issued separate judgments on those claims that awarded $9.5 million
in compensatory damages to AmCare-LA and $17 million in compensatory damages to AmCare-OK, respectively. The Court later denied requests by AmCare-LA and AmCare-OK for attorneys’ fees and punitive damages. We thereafter appealed both judgments,
and the receivers for AmCare-LA and AmCare-OK each appealed the orders denying them attorneys’ fees and punitive damages.

On
December 30, 2008, the Court of Appeal issued its judgment on each of the appeals. It reversed in their entirety the trial court’s judgments in favor of the AmCare-TX and AmCare-OK receivers, and entered judgment in our favor against those
receivers, finding that the receivers’ claims failed as a matter of law. As a result, those receivers’ cross appeals were rendered moot. The Court of Appeal also reversed the trial court judgment in favor of the AmCare-LA receiver, with
the exception of a single breach of contract claim, on which it entered judgment in favor of the AmCare-LA receiver in the amount of $2 million. On January 14, 2009, the three receivers filed a request for rehearing by the Court of Appeal. On
February 13, 2009, the Court of Appeal denied the request for a rehearing. The receivers have 30 days from that date to file an application for a writ with the Louisiana Supreme Court.

In light of the original trial court judgments against us, on November 3, 2006, we filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Middle
District of Louisiana and simultaneously filed an identical suit in the 19th Judicial District Court in East Baton Rouge Parish seeking to nullify the three judgments that were rendered against us on the grounds of ill practice which resulted in the
judgments entered. We have alleged that the judgments and other prejudicial rulings rendered in these cases were the result of impermissible ex parté contacts between the receivers, their counsel and the trial court during the course of the
litigation. Preliminary motions and exceptions have been filed by the receivers for AmCare-TX, AmCare-OK and AmCare-LA seeking dismissal of our claim for nullification on various grounds. The federal judge dismissed Health Net’s federal
complaint and Health Net appealed to the U.S. Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. On July 8, 2008, the Fifth Circuit issued an opinion affirming the district court’s dismissal of the federal complaint, albeit on different legal grounds from
those relied upon by the district court. The state court nullity action has been stayed pending the resolution of Health Net’s jurisdictional appeal in the federal action and has remained stayed during the pendency of the appeal of the
underlying judgments.

These proceedings are subject to many uncertainties, and, given their complexity and scope, their outcome, including
the outcome of any appeal, cannot be predicted at this time. It is possible that in a particular quarter or annual period our results of operations, cash flow and/or liquidity could be materially affected by an ultimate unfavorable resolution of
these proceedings depending, in part, upon the results of operations or cash flow for such period. However, at this time, management believes that the ultimate outcome of these proceedings should not have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition.

Litigation Relating to Rescission of Policies

In recent years, there has been growing public attention, especially in California, to the practices of health plans and health insurers involving the rescission of members’ policies for misrepresenting their
health status on

40

Table of Contents

applications for coverage. On October 23, 2007, the California Department of Managed Health Care (DMHC) and the California Department of Insurance (DOI)
announced their intention to issue joint regulations limiting the rights of health plans and insurers to rescind coverage. The DMHC has issued draft proposed regulations but has not formally promulgated any regulations to date. The DOI has not
issued any proposed regulations. In addition, effective January 1, 2008, newly enacted legislation in California requires health plans and insurers to pay health care providers who, under certain circumstances, have rendered services to members
whose policies are subsequently rescinded. The issue of rescissions has also attracted increasing media attention, and both the DMHC and the DOI have been conducting surveys of the rescission practices of health plans, including ours. Other
government agencies, including the Attorney General of California, are investigating, or have indicated that they may be interested in investigating, rescissions and related activities.

On October 16, 2007, the DMHC initiated a survey of Health Net of California’s activities regarding the rescission of policies for the period
January 1, 2004 through June 30, 2006. Following completion of the survey, on May 15, 2008, Health Net of California entered into a settlement agreement with the DMHC. The settlement agreement requires Health Net of California to
(1) pay a $300,000 administrative fine, (2) offer future coverage to all 85 HMO enrollees who had coverage rescinded from January 1, 2004 through May 15, 2008, (3) offer those enrollees an opportunity to participate in an
expedited review process where the enrollee could seek to resolve claims for out-of-pocket medical expenses and other damages incurred as a result of the rescission, and (4) file a corrective action plan for various internal procedural changes
by June 30, 2008. Health Net of California filed the corrective action plan by the due date and has commenced implementation of the corrective action plan. Failure to substantially implement the actions set forth in the corrective action plan
will subject Health Net of California to a potential penalty of up to $3 million.

On April 7, 2008, the DOI commenced an audit of
Health Net Life Insurance Company’s rescission practices and related claims settlement practices for the period January 1, 2004 through February 29, 2008. On September 12, 2008, Health Net Life entered into a settlement agreement
with the DOI, which resolves all DOI matters regarding Health Net Life’s rescission practices from January 2004 to date. Under the settlement agreement, Health Net Life paid a $3.6 million penalty in and agreed to certain corrective actions,
including offering future coverage to all 926 rescinded PPO insureds and offering an opportunity to participate in an expedited review process that allows former insureds to seek to resolve their claims for damages incurred as a result of their
rescission. On October 7, 2008, Health Net Life filed a corrective action proposal for various procedure changes. Failure to substantially comply with the settlement agreement subjects Health Net Life to a potential additional monetary penalty
of up to $3.6 million.

We are also party to arbitrations and litigation, including a putative class action lawsuit filed in April 2008 in
Los Angeles Superior Court, in which rescinded members allege that we unlawfully rescinded their coverage. The lawsuits generally seek to recover the cost of medical services that were not paid for as a result of the rescission, and in some cases
they also seek damages for emotional distress, attorney fees and punitive damages. On February 20, 2008, the Los Angeles City Attorney filed a complaint against Health Net in the Los Angeles Superior Court relating to our underwriting practices
and rescission of certain individual policies. The complaint sought equitable relief and civil penalties for, among other things, alleged false advertising, violations of unfair competition laws and violations of the California Penal Code. On
February 10, 2009, we entered into settlement agreements that resolved both the putative class action and the Los Angeles City Attorney’s lawsuit. Under the terms of the settlement agreements, we agreed to pay a total of $6.3 million to
class members (individuals rescinded between February 20, 2004 and February 10, 2009), in accordance with an agreed upon distribution formula. The class action settlement agreement also provides that we will reimburse class members for
certain out-of-pocket expenses related to covered medical services that occurred between the time of their original enrollment and the date of their rescission, and we will also hold them harmless for certain unpaid bills for such services. Under
the agreement, our reimbursement and hold harmless obligations are capped at a total of $3 million in the aggregate. We will also pay attorney fees of approximately $2 million. Under the terms of the two agreements, we also agreed that we would not
engage in any rescissions in California until January 31, 2010, unless legislation or regulations governing the process for rescissions is enacted, or we implement a third party

41

Table of Contents

independent review process that is not objected to by the DMHC or the DOI. The agreement with the City Attorney also provides that we will pay a $2 million
civil penalty, as well as contribute $500,000 as cy pres payments to specified non-profit organizations that support childrens’ healthcare. We also agreed as part of the settlements to offer coverage to class members on a going
forward basis without medical underwriting, similar to the offer we agreed to make as part of our settlements with the DMHC and DOI. On February 11, 2009, the court gave preliminary approval of the settlements and scheduled a final approval
hearing for May 26, 2009. Class members will be given notice of the settlement, and an opportunity to opt out of the agreement, or to file objections to the settlement, which will be considered by the court at the final approval hearing. All of
the settlement amounts have been fully accrued for as of December 31, 2008.

We cannot predict the outcome of the anticipated
regulatory proposals described above, nor the extent to which we may be affected by the enactment of those or other regulatory or legislative activities relating to rescissions. Such legislation or regulation, including measures that would cause us
to change our current manner of operation or increase our exposure to liability, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and ability to compete in our industry. Similarly, given the complexity and scope
of rescission lawsuits, their final outcome cannot be predicted with any certainty. It is possible that in a particular quarter or annual period our results of operations could be adversely affected by an ultimate unfavorable resolution of these
cases.

Proceedings Relating to Claims Payment Practices

On March 13, 2008, we entered into a final settlement agreement with the plaintiffs in the McCoy, Wachtel and Scharfman lawsuits, which were nationwide class actions principally relating to
our out-of-network claims payment practices. We are currently in the process of implementing the terms of the settlement agreement. We were also the subject of a regulatory investigation conducted by the New Jersey Department of Banking and
Insurance (“DOBI”) related principally to the timeliness and accuracy of our claims payment practices for services rendered by out-of-network providers in New Jersey. On August 26, 2008, we entered into a consent order with DOBI and
agreed to remediate certain claims and pay a $13 million fine. We completed the remediation of the claims as of August 1, 2008. In the third quarter of 2007, we recorded a $296.8 million charge relating to the settlement of the McCoy,
Wachtel and Scharfman cases, including the $13 million fine arising from the consent order with DOBI.

On February 13,
2008, the New York Attorney General (NYAG) announced that his office was conducting an industry-wide investigation into the manner in which health insurers calculate “usual, customary and reasonable” charges for purposes of reimbursing
members for out-of-network medical services. The NYAG’s office issued subpoenas to 16 health insurance companies, including us, in connection with this investigation. As described by the NYAG in a press conference on February 13, 2008, the
threatened claims appear to be similar in part to those asserted by the plaintiffs in the McCoy, Wachtel and Scharfman cases described above. We are in the process of responding to the subpoena and are cooperating with the NYAG as
appropriate in his investigation. On January 13, 2009, the NYAG announced that, as a result of his investigation, his office had entered into a settlement agreement with UnitedHealth Group, Inc., which owns and operates Ingenix, the company
that supplied the database used by many health insurers, including us, to determine certain out-of-network reimbursements. Under the terms of the settlement, United will discontinue its ownership and operation of those databases, and will pay $50
million towards creation of a new database to be owned and operated by a non-profit organization in New York. Since the announcement of the agreement with United, the NYAG has reached agreements with some other health plans, under which they agreed
to make payments towards the creation of the database and, in some instances, agree to utilize the database if certain conditions are satisfied. At the time of the announcement of the settlement, the NYAG indicated his intent to continue his
investigation with respect to other health insurers. In the meantime, the Connecticut Attorney General has also been investigating health plans’ reimbursement of out-of-network services. On March 28, 2008, we received a request for
voluntary production from the Connecticut Attorney General that sought information similar to that subpoenaed by the NYAG. We are in the process of responding to the request and are cooperating with the Connecticut Attorney General as appropriate in
his investigation.

42

Table of Contents

Miscellaneous Proceedings

In the ordinary course of our business operations, we are also subject to periodic reviews by various regulatory agencies with respect to our compliance with a wide variety of rules and regulations applicable to our
business, including, without limitation, rules relating to pre-authorization penalties, payment of out-of-network claims and timely review of grievances and appeals, which may result in remediation of certain claims and the assessment of regulatory
fines or penalties.

In addition, in the ordinary course of our business operations, we are also party to various other legal proceedings,
including, without limitation, litigation arising out of our general business activities, such as contract disputes, employment litigation, wage and hour claims, real estate and intellectual property claims, claims brought by members seeking
coverage or additional reimbursement for services allegedly rendered to our members, but which allegedly were either denied, underpaid or not paid, and claims arising out of the acquisition or divestiture of various business units or other assets.
We are also subject to claims relating to the performance of contractual obligations to providers, members, employer groups and others, including the alleged failure to properly pay claims and challenges to the manner in which we process claims. In
addition, we are subject to claims relating to the insurance industry in general, such as claims relating to reinsurance agreements and rescission of coverage and other types of insurance coverage obligations.

These other regulatory and legal proceedings are subject to many uncertainties, and, given their complexity and scope, their final outcome cannot be
predicted at this time. It is possible that in a particular quarter or annual period our results of operations and cash flow could be materially affected by an ultimate unfavorable resolution of any or all of these other regulatory and legal
proceedings depending, in part, upon the results of operations or cash flow for such period. However, at this time, management believes that the ultimate outcome of all of these other regulatory and legal proceedings that are pending, after
consideration of applicable reserves and potentially available insurance coverage benefits, should not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and liquidity.

Potential Settlements

We regularly evaluate litigation matters pending against us, including those
described above, to determine if settlement of such matters would be in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. The costs associated with any such settlement could be substantial and, in certain cases, could result in a significant
earnings charge in any particular quarter in which we enter into a settlement agreement. We have recorded reserves and accrued costs for future legal costs for certain significant matters described above. These reserves and accrued costs represent
our best estimate of probable loss, including related future legal costs for such matters, both known and incurred but not reported, although our recorded amounts might ultimately be inadequate to cover such costs. Therefore, the costs associated
with the various litigation matters to which we are subject and any earnings charge recorded in connection with a settlement agreement could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.

Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.

There were no matters submitted to a vote of the security holders of the Company, either through solicitation of proxies or otherwise, during the fourth
quarter of the year ended December 31, 2008.

43

Table of Contents

PART II

Item 5. Market For Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

The following table sets forth the high and low sales prices of the Company’s common stock, par value $.001 per share, on The New York Stock
Exchange, Inc. (“NYSE”) since January 2007.

High

Low

Calendar Quarter—2007

First Quarter

$

56.43

$

45.76

Second Quarter

$

59.25

$

52.08

Third Quarter

$

56.00

$

46.74

Fourth Quarter

$

54.66

$

45.85

Calendar Quarter—2008

First Quarter

$

52.96

$

27.83

Second Quarter

$

32.39

$

24.01

Third Quarter

$

28.93

$

20.75

Fourth Quarter

$

29.87

$

7.38

On February 20, 2009, the last reported sales price per share of our common stock was $16.74
per share.

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

Information regarding the Company’s equity compensation plans is contained in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under “Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.”

Holders of Common Stock

As of February 20, 2009, there were 1,771 holders of record of our common stock.

Dividends

We have not paid any dividends on our common stock during the preceding two fiscal years.
We have no present intention of paying any dividends on our common stock, although the matter will be periodically reviewed by our Board of Directors.

We are a holding company and, therefore, our ability to pay dividends depends on distributions received from our subsidiaries, which are subject to regulatory net worth requirements and additional state regulations
which may restrict the declaration of dividends by HMOs, insurance companies and licensed managed health care plans. The payment of any dividend is at the discretion of our Board of Directors and depends upon our earnings, financial position
(including cash position), capital requirements and such other factors as our Board of Directors deems relevant.

Under our revolving
credit facility and our financing facility, we cannot declare or pay cash dividends to our stockholders or purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire shares of our capital stock or warrants, rights or options to acquire such shares for cash except to the
extent permitted under the revolving credit facility and the financing facility, which are described in “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital
Resources—Capital Structure.”

44

Table of Contents

Stock Repurchase Program

We have a $700 million stock repurchase program authorized by our Board of Directors. Subject to Board approval, additional amounts are added to the repurchase program from time to time based on exercise proceeds and
tax benefits the Company receives from the employee stock options. We repurchased 6,851,595 shares of our common stock during the year ended December 31, 2008, for aggregate consideration of approximately $242.8 million.

We used net free cash available to fund the share repurchases. As of December 31, 2008, the remaining authorization under our stock repurchase
program was $103.3 million and we had repurchased an aggregate of 36,623,347 shares of our common stock under our repurchase program at an average price of $34.40 for aggregate consideration of approximately $1,259.8 million (which amount includes
exercise proceeds and tax benefits the Company had received from the exercise of employee stock options).

We may repurchase shares of our
common stock under the stock repurchase program from time to time in open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions, through accelerated share repurchase programs, or by any combination of such methods. The timing of any repurchases and
the actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including our stock price, corporate and regulatory requirements, restrictions under our debt obligations, and other market and economic conditions.

Our stock repurchase program does not have an expiration date. The stock purchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time.

On November 4, 2008, we announced that our stock repurchase program is on hold as a consequence of the uncertain financial environment and the
announcement by Health Net’s Board of Directors that Jay Gellert, our President and Chief Executive Officer, will be undertaking a review of the Company’s strategic direction.

Under the Company’s various stock option and long term incentive plans, employees and non-employee directors may elect for the Company to withhold
shares to satisfy minimum statutory federal, state and local tax withholding and exercise price obligations arising from the vesting and/or exercise of stock options and other equity awards. These repurchases are not part of our stock repurchase
program.

The following table presents monthly information related to repurchases of our common stock, including shares withheld by the
Company to satisfy tax withholdings and exercise price obligations in 2008, as of December 31, 2008:

Period

Total Number
of Shares
Purchased (a)

Average
Price Paid
per Share

Total Average
Price Paid

Total Number
of Shares
Purchased as
Part of Publicly
Announced
Programs (b) (c)

Maximum
Number (or
Approximate
Dollar Value)
of
Shares (or Units)
that May Yet Be
Purchased Under
the Programs (c) (d)

January 1—January 31

—

—

—

—

$

346,159,116

February 1—February 29 (e)

1,904,010

$

46.78

$

89,064,600

1,895,300

$

257,491,899

March 1—March 31 (e)

1,306,123

41.51

54,214,053

1,303,800

$

203,349,454

April 1—April 30

—

—

—

—

$

203,349,454

May 1—May 31

—

—

—

—

$

203,349,454

June 1—June 30 (e)

2,236

30.21

67,550

—

$

203,349,454

July 1—July 31

—

—

—

—

$

203,349,454

August 1—August 31

2,450,000

27.56

67,526,830

2,450,000

$

135,822,624

September 1—September 30

1,202,495

27.00

32,473,146

1,202,495

$

103,349,478

October 1—October 31

—

—

—

—

$

103,349,478

November 1—November 30

—

—

—

—

$

103,349,478

December 1—December 31 (e)

1,788

9.65

17,254

—

$

103,349,478

6,866,652

(e)

$

35.44

$

243,363,433

6,851,595

45

Table of Contents

(a)

We did not repurchase any shares of our common stock during the twelve months ended December 31, 2008 outside our publicly announced stock repurchase program, except shares
withheld in connection with our various stock option and long-term incentive plans.

(b)

Our stock repurchase program was announced in April 2002. We announced additional repurchase authorization in August 2003, October 2006 and October 2007.

(c)

A total of $700 million of our common stock may be repurchased under our stock repurchase program. Additional amounts may be added to the program based on exercise proceeds and tax
benefits the Company receives from the exercise of employee stock options, but only upon further approval by the Board of Directors. The remaining authority under our repurchase program includes proceeds received from option exercises and tax
benefits the Company received from exercise of employee stock options which have been approved for inclusion in the program by the Board.

(d)

Our stock repurchase program does not have an expiration date. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2008, we did not have any repurchase program that expired, and we did
not terminate any repurchase program prior to its expiration date.

(e)

Includes 8,710, 2,323, 2,236, and 1,788 shares withheld by the Company to satisfy tax withholdings and exercise price obligations arising from the vesting and/or exercise of stock
options and other equity awards in February, March, June, and December, 2008, respectively.

46

Table of Contents

Performance Graph

The following graph compares the performance of the Company’s Common Stock with the performance of the Standard & Poor’s 500 Composite Stock Price Index (the “S&P 500 Index”) and our Industry Peer Group Index
from December 31, 2003 (the last trading day of 2003) to December 31, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007 and 2008. The graph assumes that $100 was invested on December 31, 2003 in each of the Common Stock, the S&P 500 Index, and the Industry Peer Group
Index, and that all dividends were reinvested. The Industry Peer Group Index weights the constituent companies’ stock performance on the basis of market capitalization at the beginning of each annual period.

The Company’s Industry Peer Group Index includes the following companies: Aetna, Inc., Cigna Corporation, Coventry Health Care, Humana, Inc., UnitedHealth Group, Inc. and WellPoint, Inc. Sierra Health Services was removed from the Company’s Industry Peer Group Index due to UnitedHealth Group’s acquisition of Sierra in 2008.

Indexed Total Return (Stock Price Plus Reinvested Dividends)

Name

12/31/2003

12/31/2004

12/31/2005

12/31/2006

12/31/2007

12/31/2008

Health Net

$

100.00

$

88.29

$

157.65

$

148.81

$

147.71

$

33.30

Standard & Poor’s 500 Index

$

100.00

$

110.87

$

116.31

$

134.67

$

142.06

$

89.51

Industry Peer Group Index

$

100.00

$

152.90

$

222.99

$

207.45

$

241.71

$

111.52

All historical performance data reflects the performance of each Company’s own stocks only and does not include the historical performance data of acquired companies.

The preceding graph and related information are being furnished solely to accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Item 201(e) of
Regulation S-K and shall not be deemed “soliciting materials” or to be “filed” with the Securities and Exchange Commission (other than as provided in Item 201). Such information shall not be incorporated by reference into
any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language contained therein, except to the extent
that we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing.

47

Table of Contents

Item 6. Selected Financial Data.

The following selected financial and operating data are derived from our audited consolidated financial statements. The selected financial and operating
data should be read in conjunction with “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K.

Year Ended December 31,

2008

2007

2006

2005

2004

(Dollars in thousands, except per share and PMPM data)

REVENUES:

Health plan services premiums

$

12,392,006

$

11,435,314

$

10,364,740

$

9,506,865

$

9,517,530

Government contracts

2,835,261

2,501,677

2,376,014

2,307,483

2,021,871

Net investment income

91,042

120,176

111,042

72,751

